
 
 Mr Casey took the glass, drank, and placed it near him on the mantelpiece. 
  That was his song. The Vances lived in number seven. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Stephen felt his own face red too, thinking of all the bets about who would get first place in elements, Jack Lawton or he. 
 
 
  He thought of his own father, of how he sang songs while his mother played and of how he always gave him a shilling when he asked for sixpence and he felt sorry for him that he was not a magistrate like the other boys' fathers.  But soon the gas would be lit and in burning it made a light noise like a little song. 
  The brush with the maroon velvet back was for Michael Davitt and the brush with the green velvet back was for Parnell. 
  He had skin the same colour as the turf-coloured bogwater in the shallow end of the bath and when he walked along the side his feet slapped loudly on the wet tiles and at every step his thighs shook a little because he was fat.  The first day in the hall of the castle when she had said goodbye she had put up her veil double to her nose to kiss him: and her nose and eyes were red. Suck was a queer word. 
  They were older than his father and mother but uncle Charles was older than Dante.  The little silk badge with the red rose on it looked very rich because he had a blue sailor top on. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 He clapped his hand to his eye and gave a hoarse scream of pain.  They were older than his father and mother but uncle Charles was older than Dante. 
  That was like the two brushes in Dante's press, the brush with the green velvet back for Parnell and the brush with the maroon velvet back for Michael Davitt.  That was like the two brushes in Dante's press, the brush with the green velvet back for Parnell and the brush with the maroon velvet back for Michael Davitt.  One day when he had been called to the castle the butler had shown him the marks of the soldiers' slugs in the wood of the door and had given him a piece of shortbread that the community ate. 
  After supper in the study hall he would change the number pasted up inside his desk from seventy-seven to seventy-six.  They had all fathers and mothers and different clothes and voices.  When they were grown up he was going to marry Eileen.  It seemed to him a solemn time: and he wondered if that was the time when the fellows in Clongowes wore blue coats with brass buttons and yellow waistcoats and caps of rabbitskin and drank beer like grown-up people and kept greyhounds of their own to course the hares with.  He wondered from which window Hamilton Rowan had thrown his hat on the ha-ha and had there been flowerbeds at that time under the windows. 
 Apologize. 
 
 Pull out his eyes. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  He tried to pull on his stocking. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 —O, Stephen will apologize. 
 
 
  That was a long time ago then out on the playgrounds in the evening light, creeping from point to point on the fringe of his line, a heavy bird flying low through the grey light.  But he thought they were the portraits of the saints and great men of the order who were looking down on him silently as he passed: saint Ignatius Loyola holding an open book and pointing to the words AD MAJOREM DEI GLORIAM in it; saint Francis Xavier pointing to his chest; Lorenzo Ricci with his berretta on his head like one of the prefects of the lines, the three patrons of holy youth—saint Stanislaus Kostka, saint Aloysius Gonzago, and Blessed John Berchmans, all with young faces because they died when they were young, and Father Peter Kenny sitting in a chair wrapped in a big cloak.  Rody Kickham held the ball by its greasy lace. He crept about from point to point on the fringe of his line, making little runs now and then. The players closed around, flushed and muddy, and he went among them, glad to go in. Rody Kickham was a decent fellow but Nasty Roche was a stink. 
  Rody Kickham had greaves in his number and a hamper in the refectory.  Rody Kickham held the ball by its greasy lace.  Nasty Roche and Saurin drank cocoa that their people sent them in tins.  Was it true about the black dog that walked there at night with eyes as big as carriage-lamps? 
 —What kind of a name is that? 
  He shook his head and answered no and felt glad. 
 
  It was queer too that you could not call him sir because he was a brother and had a different kind of look. 
 
 —Go and fight your match. 
 
  If any lady or gentleman. 
 
  His father was a marshal now: higher than a magistrate. 
  That was a long time ago then out on the playgrounds in the evening light, creeping from point to point on the fringe of his line, a heavy bird flying low through the grey light.  But Clongowes was far away: and the warm heavy smell of turkey and ham and celery rose from the plates and dishes and the great fire was banked high and red in the grate and the green ivy and red holly made you feel so happy and when dinner was ended the big plum pudding would be carried in, studded with peeled almonds and sprigs of holly, with bluish fire running around it and a little green flag flying from the top.  She had said that pockets were funny things to have: and then all of a sudden she had broken away and had run laughing down the sloping curve of the path.  And his father had given him two five-shilling pieces for pocket money. —I'd give you such a belt in a second. 
  She had her feet on the fender and her jewelly slippers were so hot and they had such a lovely warm smell! 
 
  It was the night of the match against the Bective Rangers; and the ball was made just like a red and green apple only it opened and it was full of the creamy sweets.  That was a belt round his pocket.  He'd give you a toe in the rump for yourself.  I'd go up and tell the rector on him. 
  Nice mother!  It had a horrid rough feel.  She was a nice mother but she was not so nice when she cried. —There's a tasty bit here we call the pope's nose.  He wanted to cry.  It was nice and warm to see the lights in the castle.  He thought of his own father, of how he sang songs while his mother played and of how he always gave him a shilling when he asked for sixpence and he felt sorry for him that he was not a magistrate like the other boys' fathers.  But was there anything round the universe to show where it stopped before the nothing place began?  Stephen's heart was beating and fluttering. 
 —Goodbye, Stephen, goodbye! 
  The first day in the hall of the castle when she had said goodbye she had put up her veil double to her nose to kiss him: and her nose and eyes were red. 
  That must have been a terrible sin, to go in there quietly at night, to open the dark press and steal the flashing gold thing into which God was put on the altar in the middle of flowers and candles at benediction while the incense went up in clouds at both sides as the fellow swung the censer and Dominic Kelly sang the first part by himself in the choir. Mr Casey was still struggling through his fit of coughing and laughter.  They had big voices and big boots and they studied trigonometry.  And that's why they ran away, if you want to know. —But why did they run away, tell us? Going home for the holidays! Sitting in the study hall he opened the lid of his desk and changed the number pasted up inside from seventy-seven to seventy-six. 
  It was better to go to bed to sleep.  It was nice and warm to see the lights in the castle.  That was where Hamilton Rowan had passed and the marks of the soldiers' slugs were there.  Simon Moonan had nice clothes and one night he had shown him a ball of creamy sweets that the fellows of the football fifteen had rolled down to him along the carpet in the middle of the refectory when he was at the door.  The sky was pale and cold but there were lights in the castle.  And there were nice sentences in Doctor Cornwell's Spelling Book.  Leicester Abbey lit up.  They were like poetry but they were only sentences to learn the spelling from. He opened the geography to study the lesson; but he could not learn the names of places in America. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  The abbots buried him themselves. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Canker was a disease of plants and cancer one of animals: or another different. 
 
 
 Father Arnall came in and the Latin lesson began and he remained still, leaning on the desk with his arms folded.  He had skin the same colour as the turf-coloured bogwater in the shallow end of the bath and when he walked along the side his feet slapped loudly on the wet tiles and at every step his thighs shook a little because he was fat.  It was Wells who had shouldered him into the square ditch the day before because he would not swop his little snuff box for Wells's seasoned hacking chestnut, the conqueror of forty.  And how cold and slimy the water had been!  And a fellow had once seen a big rat jump plop into the scum.  He said over to himself the song that Brigid had taught him. —And he has such a soft mouth when he's speaking to you, don't you know.  He told Stephen that his name was Athy and that his father kept a lot of racehorses that were spiffing jumpers and that his father would give a good tip to Brother Michael any time he wanted it because Brother Michael was very decent and always told him the news out of the paper they got every day up in the castle.  He said over to himself the song that Brigid had taught him.  That was called the order: and he had heard his father say that they were all clever men.  They had come home a little late and still dinner was not ready: but it would be ready in a jiffy his mother had said. 
 
 —All in! 
 
  All in! —We all know why you speak. 
  He felt his body small and weak amid the throng of the players and his eyes were weak and watery.  The evening air was pale and chilly and after every charge and thud of the footballers the greasy leather orb flew like a heavy bird through the grey light. —Mrs Riordan, don't excite yourself answering them.  The fellow called Simon Moonan that name because Simon Moonan used to tie the prefect's false sleeves behind his back and the prefect used to let on to be angry. 
 He inclined his head, closed his eyes, and, licking his lips profusely, began to speak with the voice of the hotel keeper. Suck was a queer word. 
  And when it had all gone down slowly the hole in the basin had made a sound like that: suck.  The prefect was at the door with some boys and Simon Moonan was knotting his false sleeves.  She stuck her ugly old face up at me when she said it and I had my mouth full of tobacco juice.  Dolan: it was like the name of a woman who washed clothes.  Once he had washed his hands in the lavatory of the Wicklow Hotel and his father pulled the stopper up by the chain after and the dirty water went down through the hole in the basin.  And his white-grey face and the no-coloured eyes behind the steel-rimmed spectacles were cruel looking because he had steadied the hand first with his firm soft fingers and that was to hit it better and louder. 
  Once he had washed his hands in the lavatory of the Wicklow Hotel and his father pulled the stopper up by the chain after and the dirty water went down through the hole in the basin.  He felt cold and then a little hot: and he could see the names printed on the cocks.  There were two cocks that you turned and water came out: cold and hot.  It was a mean thing to do; all the fellows said it was. 
 The cold slime of the ditch covered his whole body; and, when the bell rang for study and the lines filed out of the playrooms, he felt the cold air of the corridor and staircase inside his clothes.  The sunlight was queer and cold.  Soon all would be dark and sleeping. He sat in a corner of the playroom pretending to watch a game of dominoes and once or twice he was able to hear for an instant the little song of the gas. 
  He was no good at sums, but he tried his best so that York might not lose. 
  It will go away.  Go ahead, Lancaster!  Bravo Lancaster! 
  He felt his whole body hot and confused in a moment.  The deep low collar and the Eton jacket made him feel queer and oldish: and that morning when his mother had brought him down to the parlour, dressed for mass, his father had cried. It was the hour for sums. The other fellows stopped their game and turned round, laughing. 
  What was the right answer to the question?  Go ahead, Lancaster!  The little silk badge with the red rose on it looked very rich because he had a blue sailor top on.  Go ahead, York!  Go ahead, York! 
  Stephen felt his own face red too, thinking of all the bets about who would get first place in elements, Jack Lawton or he.  She played on the piano the sailor's hornpipe for him to dance. —Well, I can't help thinking of our friend Christopher manufacturing.  Some weeks Jack Lawton got the card for first and some weeks he got the card for first.  His white silk badge fluttered and fluttered as he worked at the next sum and heard Father Arnall's voice. —Quite right, ma'am, said uncle Charles. Eileen had long thin cool white hands too because she was a girl. —Mrs Riordan, I appeal to you, said Mrs Dedalus, to let the matter drop now.  Lavender and cream and pink roses were beautiful to think of.  Lavender and cream and pink roses were beautiful to think of.  And the cards for first place and second place and third place were beautiful colours too: pink and cream and lavender.  Perhaps a wild rose might be like those colours and he remembered the song about the wild rose blossoms on the little green place.  The fire rose and fell on the wall.  Perhaps they had stolen a monstrance to run away with and sell it somewhere. 
 —It's a stinking mean thing, that's what it is, said Fleming in the corridor as the classes were passing out in file to the refectory, to pandy a fellow for what is not his fault. —Butter you up!  He wondered whether the scullion's apron was damp too or whether all white things were cold and damp.  He wondered whether the scullion's apron was damp too or whether all white things were cold and damp.  But he drank off the hot weak tea which the clumsy scullion, girt with a white apron, poured into his cup.  His father, who kept the racehorses, must be a magistrate too like Saurin's father and Nasty Roche's father.  They said you got stinking stuff to drink when you were in the infirmary.  They had all fathers and mothers and different clothes and voices. 
  It seemed to him a solemn time: and he wondered if that was the time when the fellows in Clongowes wore blue coats with brass buttons and yellow waistcoats and caps of rabbitskin and drank beer like grown-up people and kept greyhounds of their own to course the hares with.  He thought of his own father, of how he sang songs while his mother played and of how he always gave him a shilling when he asked for sixpence and he felt sorry for him that he was not a magistrate like the other boys' fathers.  But he could not: and so he longed for the play and study and prayersto be over and to be in bed.  He longed to be at home and lay his head on his mother's lap. 
 
  Have you a pain or what's up with you? He clapped his hand to his eye and gave a hoarse scream of pain. 
 —Dedalus, don't spy on us, sure you won't? 
 But he was not sick there. —Will I? 
 —Yes, Stephen said. 
  He thought that he was sick in his heart if you could be sick in that place. —Let him remember too, cried Mr Casey to her from across the table, the language with which the priests and the priests' pawns broke Parnell's heart and hounded him into his grave. He was very decent to say that.  He wanted to cry quietly but not for himself: for the words, so beautiful and sad, like music.  Mr Casey leaned his head to one side and, smiling, tapped the gland of his-neck with his fingers.  And when he closed the flaps the roar was shut off like a train going into a tunnel.  And when he closed the flaps the roar was shut off like a train going into a tunnel.  It was like a train going in and out of tunnels and that was like the noise of the boys eating in the refectory when you opened and closed the flaps of the ears.  It was nice to hear it roar and stop and then roar out of the tunnel again and then stop.  He closed his eyes and the train went on, roaring and then stopping; roaring again, stopping.  Term, vacation; tunnel, out; noise, stop. 
 He heard the fellows of the higher line stand up at the top of the refectory and heard their steps as they came down the matting: Paddy Rath and Jimmy Magee and the Spaniard and the Portuguese and the fifth was big Corrigan who was going to be flogged by Mr Gleeson.  And then the lower line tables and the tables of the third line.  You'll get your walking papers in the morning when the doctor comes. 
  Always the same: and when the fellows stopped talking in the playroom you could hear it.  The fellow called Simon Moonan that name because Simon Moonan used to tie the prefect's false sleeves behind his back and the prefect used to let on to be angry.  There was a noise of rising and dressing and washing in the dormitory: a noise of clapping of hands as the prefect went up and down telling the fellows to look sharp. 
 
 —O, I say, here's a fellow says he doesn't kiss his mother before he goes to bed. 
 
 —I do not. 
 
 —O, I say, here's a fellow says he doesn't kiss his mother before he goes to bed. 
 He sat in a corner of the playroom pretending to watch a game of dominoes and once or twice he was able to hear for an instant the little song of the gas. 
  It was a mean thing to do; all the fellows said it was. 
 
 —O, I say, here's a fellow says he kisses his mother every night before he goes to bed. 
  He had given two and still Wells laughed.  That was all to make him laugh. Stephen tried his best, but the sum was too hard and he felt confused.  It is a question of public morality. It was queer that they had not given him any medicine. He was a fellow out of the third of grammar and, while Stephen was undressing, he asked Brother Michael to bring him a round of buttered toast.  He still tried to think what was the right answer.  It was Wells who had shouldered him into the square ditch the day before because he would not swop his little snuff box for Wells's seasoned hacking chestnut, the conqueror of forty.  That was mean of Wells to shoulder him into the square ditch because he would not swop his little snuff box for Wells's seasoned hacking chestnut, the conqueror of forty.  It was a mean thing to do, to shoulder him into the square ditch, they were saying.  That was the way a rat felt, slimy and damp and cold.  A fellow had once seen a big rat jump into the scum. 
 The bell rang for night prayers and he filed out of the study hall after the others and down the staircase and along the corridors to the chapel. —Can you answer me this one?  A priest would not be a priest if he did not tell his flock what is right and what is wrong.  That was to kiss.  A voice bade the boys in the dormitory good night.  His mother put her lips on his cheek; her lips were soft and they wetted his cheek; and they made a tiny little noise: kiss. His face was glowing with anger and Stephen felt the glow rise to his own cheek as the spoken words thrilled him.  There were pale strange faces there, great eyes like carriage-lamps. 
  After supper in the study hall he would change the number pasted up inside his desk from seventy-seven to seventy-six. Fleming moved heavily out of his place and knelt between the two last benches. 
  Peter Parley himself was on the first page in a picture. During the writing lesson he sat with his arms folded, listening to the slow scraping of the pens. Dante had two brushes in her press.  There was cold night air in the chapel and the marbles were the colour the sea was at night.  And Wells would be sorry then for what he had done. 
  They were like poetry but they were only sentences to learn the spelling from.  Mrs Dedalus followed and the places were arranged.  They were all in different countries and the countries were in continents and the continents were in the world and the world was in the universe. 
  Then he read the flyleaf from the bottom to the top till he came to his own name. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 —The bishops and priests of Ireland have spoken, said Dante, and they must be obeyed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 God bless my father and my mother and spare them to me! 
 
 
  When would he be like the fellows in poetry and rhetoric?  He turned over the flyleaf and looked wearily at the green round earth in the middle of the maroon clouds.  Stephen, scarlet with shame, opened a book quickly with one weak hand and bent down upon it, his face close to the page.  But was there anything round the universe to show where it stopped before the nothing place began? 
  But was there anything round the universe to show where it stopped before the nothing place began?  And his father had told him if he wanted anything to write home to him and, whatever he did, never to peach on a fellow. 
  It was very big to think about everything and everywhere. —God and religion before everything!  He tried to think what a big thought that must be; but he could only think of God.  He tried to pull on his stocking.  You could die just the same on a sunny day.  DIEU was the French for God and that was God's name too; and when anyone prayed to God and said DIEU then God knew at once that it was a French person that was praying.  But, though there were different names for God in all the different languages in the world and God understood what all the people who prayed said in their different languages, still God remained always the same God and God's real name was God. 
  It was lovely to be tired.  It had a horrid rough feel. He closed his eyes wearily and paused.  The brush with the maroon velvet back was for Michael Davitt and the brush with the green velvet back was for Parnell.  He wondered if he would die. It pained him that he did not know well what politics meant and that he did not know where the universe ended.  He peered out for an instant over the coverlet and saw the yellow curtains round and before his bed that shut him off on all sides. Then Brother Michael was going away and the fellow out of the third of grammar told him to be sure and come back and tell him all the news in the paper. 
  I meant about the.  No, it was best to hide out of the way because when you were small and young you could often escape that way.  They were like poetry but they were only sentences to learn the spelling from.  But the minds of rats could not understand trigonometry.  How far away it was!  Term, vacation; tunnel, out; noise, stop.  Mrs Dedalus was eating little and Dante sat with her hands in her lap.  First came the vacation and then the next term and then vacation again and then again another term and then again the vacation.  Their master had received his death-wound on the battlefield of Prague far away over the sea.  But then they got hot and then he could sleep.  Night prayers and then bed: he shivered and wanted to yawn.  He yawned again. —There's a tasty bit here we call the pope's nose. —Get back into bed.  Night prayers and then bed: he shivered and wanted to yawn.  It would be lovely to sleep for one night in that cottage before the fire of smoking turf, in the dark lit by the fire, in the warm dark, breathing the smell of the peasants, air and rain and turf and corduroy.  That was why the prefect of studies had called him a schemer and pandied him for nothing: and, straining his weak eyes, tired with the tears, he watched big Corrigan's broad shoulders and big hanging black head passing in the file.  He shivered and yawned.  He felt a warm glow creeping up from the cold shivering sheets, warmer and warmer till he felt warm all over, ever so warm and yet he shivered a little and still wanted to yawn.  You can say that I excuse you from your lessons for a few days.  That was a long time ago then out on the playgrounds in the evening light, creeping from point to point on the fringe of his line, a heavy bird flying low through the grey light. 
 The cold slime of the ditch covered his whole body; and, when the bell rang for study and the lines filed out of the playrooms, he felt the cold air of the corridor and staircase inside his clothes.  The corridors were darkly lit and the chapel was darkly lit.  Soon they would be going home for the holidays.  He had skin the same colour as the turf-coloured bogwater in the shallow end of the bath and when he walked along the side his feet slapped loudly on the wet tiles and at every step his thighs shook a little because he was fat.  Their master had received his death-wound on the battlefield of Prague far away over the sea. Beside my eldest brother. O Lord make haste to help us! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 —Very well, the rector said, it is a mistake and I shall speak to Father Dolan myself. 
 
 
 
  MAY THY HOLY ANGELS DWELL HEREIN TO PRESERVE US IN PEACE AND MAY THY BLESSINGS BE ALWAYS UPON US THROUGH CHRIST OUR LORD. 
 
 
 
 Stephen stumbled into the middle of the class, blinded by fear and haste. 
 
 
  It was not like the smell of the old peasants who knelt at the back of the chapel at Sunday mass.  But they were very holy peasants.  But they were very holy peasants.  It would be lovely to sleep for one night in that cottage before the fire of smoking turf, in the dark lit by the fire, in the warm dark, breathing the smell of the peasants, air and rain and turf and corduroy.  It would be lovely to sleep for one night in that cottage before the fire of smoking turf, in the dark lit by the fire, in the warm dark, breathing the smell of the peasants, air and rain and turf and corduroy.  Mr Casey leaned his head to one side and, smiling, tapped the gland of his-neck with his fingers.  It would be lovely to sleep for one night in that cottage before the fire of smoking turf, in the dark lit by the fire, in the warm dark, breathing the smell of the peasants, air and rain and turf and corduroy.  They lived in Clane, a fellow said: there were little cottages there and he had seen a woman standing at the half-door of a cottage with a child in her arms as the cars had come past from Sallins.  He prayed it too against the dark outside under the trees.  He prayed it too against the dark outside under the trees.  He looked at it and saw that Wells was afraid. 
  It was a mean thing to do, to shoulder him into the square ditch, they were saying.  But O, the road there between the trees was dark! 
 VISIT, WE BESEECH THEE, O LORD, THIS HABITATION AND DRIVE AWAY FROM IT ALL. Bless us, O Lord, and these Thy gifts which through Thy bounty we are about to receive through Christ our Lord.  Amen. 
  And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle.  Mr Casey leaned his head to one side and, smiling, tapped the gland of his-neck with his fingers.  The light was lowered quietly. 	He blessed himself and climbed quickly into bed and, tucking the end of the nightshirt under his feet, curled himself together under the cold white sheets, shaking and trembling. 
 
 
 
 God bless my little brothers and sisters and spare them to me! 
 
 
 
 It was his first Christmas dinner and he thought of his little brothers and sisters who were waiting in the nursery, as he had often waited, till the pudding came. 
 
 
 
 God bless my father and my mother and spare them to me! 
 
 
 A fellow held his arms while he loosened the stocking clinging to his foot and climbed back into the hot bed. —Devil out of hell!  There was a noise of rising and dressing and washing in the dormitory: a noise of clapping of hands as the prefect went up and down telling the fellows to look sharp.  He peered in front of him and right and left through the gloom and thought that those must be portraits.  He had to undress and then kneel and say his own prayers and be in bed before the gas was lowered so that he might not go to hell when he died. 
  The guards went to and fro opening, closing, locking, unlocking the doors.  But only the dark was where they looked: only dark silent air.  He bumped his elbow against the door at the end and, hurrying down the staircase, walked quickly through the two corridors and out into the air.  He saw the dark entrance hall of the castle.  He called the Friday pudding dog-in-the-blanket.  That is the language of the Holy Ghost.  It made him shivery: but that was because you always felt like a shiver when you let down your trousers. He came out on the landing above the entrance hall and looked about him.  Mr Dedalus looked at himself in the pierglass above the mantelpiece, waxed out his moustache ends and then, parting his coattails, stood with his back to the glowing fire: and still from time to time he withdrew a hand from his coat-tail to wax out one of his moustache ends.  That was a long time ago then out on the playgrounds in the evening light, creeping from point to point on the fringe of his line, a heavy bird flying low through the grey light.  He looked out of strange eyes at the old servants.  A figure came up the staircase from the hall. They went together down the staircase and along the corridor and past the bath.  He was standing on the field; his hand was pressed to his side; his face was pale and strange and he wore the white cloak of a marshal.  They were waiting for the door to open and for the servants to come in, holding the big dishes covered with their heavy metal covers.  Their master had received his death-wound on the battlefield of Prague far away over the sea. The fellows all were silent.  They were the ghosts of murderers, the figures of marshals who had received their death-wound on battlefields far away over the sea.  And as he knelt, calming the last sobs in his throat and feeling the burning tingling pain pressed into his sides, he thought of the hands which he had held out in the air with the palms up and of the firm touch of the prefect of studies when he had steadied the shaking fingers and of the beaten swollen reddened mass of palm and fingers that shook helplessly in the air. 
  All the dark was cold and strange.  There were pale strange faces there, great eyes like carriage-lamps.  Was it true about the black dog that walked there at night with eyes as big as carriage-lamps?  They looked at him and saw their master's face and cloak and knew that he had received his death-wound.  All the fellows would be at the mass, dressed in black, all with sad faces. 
 VISIT, WE BESEECH THEE, O LORD, THIS HABITATION AND DRIVE AWAY FROM IT ALL THE SNARES OF THE ENEMY. 
  Soon they would be going home for the holidays.  The lovely smell there was in the wintry air: the smell of Clane: rain and wintry air and turf smouldering and corduroy.  It would be nice getting better slowly. The cars drove past the chapel and all caps were raised. And they gave three groans for Baldyhead Dolan and three cheers for Conmee and they said he was the decentest rector that was ever in Clongowes. 
  Hurray!  Hurray! Hurray! 
  It seemed to him a solemn time: and he wondered if that was the time when the fellows in Clongowes wore blue coats with brass buttons and yellow waistcoats and caps of rabbitskin and drank beer like grown-up people and kept greyhounds of their own to course the hares with.  Through Clane they drove, cheering and cheered. He pointed to the portrait of his grandfather on the wall to his right.  Through Clane they drove, cheering and cheered.  As he passed the door he remembered with a vague fear the warm turf-coloured bogwater, the warm moist air, the noise of plunges, the smell of the towels, like medicine.  Cheer after cheer after cheer.  The fellows cheered.  He had nothing to do but that: to turn to the right and walk fast up the staircase and in half a minute he would be in the low dark narrow corridor that led through the castle to the rector's room.  Getting up on the cars in the early wintry morning outside the door of the castle. 
  And the cards for first place and second place and third place were beautiful colours too: pink and cream and lavender.  But the lines of the letters were like fine invisible threads and it was only by closing his right eye tight and staring out of the left eye that he could make out the full curves of the capital.  He smiled to think how the silvery noise which Mr Casey used to make had deceived him. 
  A tall man stood on the deck, looking out towards the flat dark land: and by the light at the pierhead he saw his face, the sorrowful face of Brother Michael. —It's a stinking mean thing, that's what it is, said Fleming in the corridor as the classes were passing out in file to the refectory, to pandy a fellow for what is not his fault.  And that night Mr Casey had not gone to Dublin by train but a car had come to the door and he had heard his father say something about the Cabinteely road.  And Stephen smiled too for he knew now that it was not true that Mr Casey had a purse of silver in his throat. A great fire, banked high and red, flamed in the grate and under the ivy-twined branches of the chandelier the Christmas table was spread.  Mr Dedalus looked at himself in the pierglass above the mantelpiece, waxed out his moustache ends and then, parting his coattails, stood with his back to the glowing fire: and still from time to time he withdrew a hand from his coat-tail to wax out one of his moustache ends.  He peered in front of him and right and left through the gloom and thought that those must be portraits.  But Clongowes was far away: and the warm heavy smell of turkey and ham and celery rose from the plates and dishes and the great fire was banked high and red in the grate and the green ivy and red holly made you feel so happy and when dinner was ended the big plum pudding would be carried in, studded with peeled almonds and sprigs of holly, with bluish fire running around it and a little green flag flying from the top. 
  There were lovely foreign names in it and pictures of strange looking cities and ships. 
  Do your people talk about that too?  Noises of welcome. Noises.  Had they written home to tell his mother and father? Brother Michael was standing at the door of the infirmary and from the door of the dark cabinet on his right came a smell like medicine.  And it was there that the old servants had seen the ghost in the white cloak of a marshal.  Welcome home, Stephen! 
  Noises of welcome. 
 —And am I to sit here and listen to the pastors of my church being flouted? He saw the sea of waves, long dark waves rising and falling, dark under the moonless night.  He peered out for an instant over the coverlet and saw the yellow curtains round and before his bed that shut him off on all sides.  A tremor passed over his body. 
 All were waiting: uncle Charles, who sat far away in the shadow of the window, Dante and Mr Casey, who sat in the easy-chairs at either side of the hearth, Stephen, seated on a chair between them, his feet resting on the toasted boss.  A faint sickness of awe made him feel weak. A fellow held his arms while he loosened the stocking clinging to his foot and climbed back into the hot bed.  His mother had told him not to speak with the rough boys in the college.  There was cold sunlight outside the window. 
 
  I'll tell McGlade you're not well. 
 
 —Get back into bed. —Tell McGlade. 
 —Is he sick? 
  His father, who kept the racehorses, must be a magistrate too like Saurin's father and Nasty Roche's father. 
  And he wondered what Father Arnall and Paddy Barrett would have become and what Mr McGlade and Mr Gleeson would have become if they had not become jesuits. 
 The prefect was there again and it was his voice that was saying that he was to get up, that Father Minister had said he was to get up and dress and go to the infirmary. 
  No, no: he was sick really. 
  He tried to pull on his stocking. 
 His face was glowing with anger and Stephen felt the glow rise to his own cheek as the spoken words thrilled him.  Do your people talk about that too? —Yes, said Cecil Thunder eagerly, and I saw him lift the pandy-bat over his shoulder and he's not allowed to do that.  Someone had put coal on and he heard voices. 
  Sure you won't? 
  He looked at it and saw that Wells was afraid.  Sorry because he was afraid. 
 —I didn't mean to, honour bright. Then Brother Michael was going away and the fellow out of the third of grammar told him to be sure and come back and tell him all the news in the paper. 
  And his father had told him if he wanted anything to write home to him and, whatever he did, never to peach on a fellow.  He was glad for his mouth was hot and dry. 
 
  They are an honour to their country. Some fellow had drawn it there for a cod.  I'm not well yet. 
 The prefect was there again and it was his voice that was saying that he was to get up, that Father Minister had said he was to get up and dress and go to the infirmary.  And Wells would be sorry then for what he had done.  Canker was a disease of plants and cancer one of animals: or another different.  Afraid that it was some disease.  He felt a warm glow creeping up from the cold shivering sheets, warmer and warmer till he felt warm all over, ever so warm and yet he shivered a little and still wanted to yawn.  Perhaps Leicester Abbey was like that.  Then he would have a dead mass in the chapel like the way the fellows had told him it was when Little had died. Where the abbots buried him. 
  Wells too would be there but no fellow would look at him.  He was not foxing. —Really, Simon, you should not speak that way before Stephen.  He was not foxing.  And he felt the prefect's hand on his forehead; and he felt his forehead warm and damp against the prefect's cold damp hand.  Every rat had two eyes to look out of.  A fellow had once seen a big rat jump into the scum.  Their coats dried then.  A fellow had once seen a big rat jump into the scum.  Make up your minds for that. Mr Dedalus laughed loudly and lay back in his chair while uncle Charles swayed his head to and fro.  It seemed to him a solemn time: and he wondered if that was the time when the fellows in Clongowes wore blue coats with brass buttons and yellow waistcoats and caps of rabbitskin and drank beer like grown-up people and kept greyhounds of their own to course the hares with.  She had said that pockets were funny things to have: and then all of a sudden she had broken away and had run laughing down the sloping curve of the path. 
  You could know the people of that time by their old dress. 
  There's more cunning in one of those warts on his bald head than in a pack of jack foxes. 
  He told Stephen that his name was Athy and that his father kept a lot of racehorses that were spiffing jumpers and that his father would give a good tip to Brother Michael any time he wanted it because Brother Michael was very decent and always told him the news out of the paper they got every day up in the castle.  But he could not laugh because his cheeks and lips were all shivery: and then the prefect had to laugh by himself. Dante stared across the table, her cheeks shaking. 
 
  A quick whisper ran through the class: the prefect of studies.   
  It was the same in the bath when you undressed yourself.  He had skin the same colour as the turf-coloured bogwater in the shallow end of the bath and when he walked along the side his feet slapped loudly on the wet tiles and at every step his thighs shook a little because he was fat. 
 It was queer that they had not given him any medicine.  He might die before his mother came. He looked at Stephen over the bedclothes as he spoke.  Here, Stephen, here's something to make your hair curl.  It was queer too that you could not call him sir because he was a brother and had a different kind of look. Why did Mr Barrett in Clongowes call his pandybat a turkey?  Now, Simon, that's quite enough now. 
 
   And she did not like him to play with Eileen because Eileen was a protestant and when she was young she knew children that used to play with protestants and the protestants used to make fun of the litany of the Blessed Virgin.  And Wells would be sorry then for what he had done. 
 That was why the fellows seemed to him smaller and farther away and the goalposts so thin and far and the soft grey sky so high up. 
  Or he would write a letter for the priest to bring. 
 —Ah, John, he said.  said Brother Michael. 
  He sat looking at the two prints of butter on his plate but could not eat the damp bread. Then Brother Michael went away and after a while the fellow out of third of grammar turned in towards the wall and fell asleep. —Very well then, he shouted hoarsely, if it comes to that, no God for Ireland! 
 —I will not say nothing.  He shook the poker gravely and nodded his head at the fellow out of third of grammar.  And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle. 
 
 —Now it is all about politics in the papers, he said.  Had they written home to tell his mother and father? 
  I bent down to her and PHTH! He saw the sea of waves, long dark waves rising and falling, dark under the moonless night.  Uncle Charles could not speak because his mouth was full; but he nodded that it was. 
  The fire rose and fell on the wall. 
 I am in the infirmary. I am sick.  Father Arnall gave out the theme-books and he said that they were scandalous and that they were all to be written out again with the corrections at once.  He broke into a run and, running quicker and quicker, ran across the cinderpath and reached the third line playground, panting.  Perhaps Brother Michael would bring it back when he came. 
 
 
 
 
  But the faint smell of the rector's breath had made him feel a sick feeling on the morning of his first communion.  And that's why they ran away, if you want to know. —Please, sir, let me off! 
 
 
 
  They said you got stinking stuff to drink when you were in the infirmary. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 All were waiting: uncle Charles, who sat far away in the shadow of the window, Dante and Mr Casey, who sat in the easy-chairs at either side of the hearth, Stephen, seated on a chair between them, his feet resting on the toasted boss. The cold sunlight was weaker and Brother Michael was standing at his bedside with a bowl of beef-tea.  You could die just the same on a sunny day.  A waiter was running up a trail of bunting on the flagstaff and a fox terrier was scampering to and fro on the sunny lawn.  He wondered if he would die. —He is dead.  The deep low collar and the Eton jacket made him feel queer and oldish: and that morning when his mother had brought him down to the parlour, dressed for mass, his father had cried.  And they look it!  A tall man stood on the deck, looking out towards the flat dark land: and by the light at the pierhead he saw his face, the sorrowful face of Brother Michael. And two to carry my soul away.  He thought of his own father, of how he sang songs while his mother played and of how he always gave him a shilling when he asked for sixpence and he felt sorry for him that he was not a magistrate like the other boys' fathers.  The castle bell! 
  He could hear them playing in the playgrounds.  Mother was sitting at the fire with Dante waiting for Brigid to bring in the tea. 
 
 
 
   The bell! 
 
 
 
  Farewell! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  She kept dancing along beside me in the mud bawling and screaming into my face: PRIEST-HUNTER! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  And they would carry the coffin out of the chapel slowly and he would be buried in the little graveyard of the community off the main avenue of limes. 
 
 
  How sad and how beautiful!  He wanted to cry quietly but not for himself: for the words, so beautiful and sad, like music.  His whole body was shaking with fright, his arm was shaking and his crumpled burning livid hand shook like a loose leaf in the air.  He wanted to cry quietly but not for himself: for the words, so beautiful and sad, like music.  All the fellows would be at the mass, dressed in black, all with sad faces.  The bell! The bell rang and then the classes began to file out of the rooms and along the corridors towards the refectory.  O farewell! Farewell, my mother! 
 He looked at the window and saw that the daylight had grown weaker. The players closed around, flushed and muddy, and he went among them, glad to go in.  One evening when playing tig she had put her hands over his eyes: long and white and thin and cold and soft.  He is right and the other fellows are wrong because a flogging wears off after a bit but a fellow that has been expelled from college is known all his life on account of it. 
  He told Stephen that his name was Athy and that his father kept a lot of racehorses that were spiffing jumpers and that his father would give a good tip to Brother Michael any time he wanted it because Brother Michael was very decent and always told him the news out of the paper they got every day up in the castle.  His father, who kept the racehorses, must be a magistrate too like Saurin's father and Nasty Roche's father. Then Brother Michael was going away and the fellow out of the third of grammar told him to be sure and come back and tell him all the news in the paper. 
  You'll get your walking papers in the morning when the doctor comes.  And if he went and was pandied all the same all the fellows would make fun and talk about young Dedalus going up to the rector to tell on the prefect of studies. 
 —Yes. 
 —You have a queer name, Dedalus, and I have a queer name too, Athy. 
 
  Athy is the town in the county Kildare and a thigh is the other thigh.  Athy is the town in the county Kildare and a thigh is the other thigh. Father Arnall came in and the Latin lesson began and he remained still, leaning on the desk with his arms folded. 
 
 —Not very good. 
 
  O, we had a good walk, hadn't we, John? 
 
 —That was a good answer our friend made to the canon.  Athy is the town in the county Kildare and a thigh is the other thigh. 
 
 —A nice answer, said Dante, for any man calling himself a catholic to give to his priest. 
  Athy is the town in the county Kildare and a thigh is the other thigh.  It was a joke, he thought.  My name is the name of a town. 
  A tiny light twinkled at the pierhead where the ship was entering: and he saw a multitude of people gathered by the waters' edge to see the ship that was entering their harbour. 
 —You know, he said, you can ask that riddle another way. 
 
 —Well, you can't say but you were asked. 
 —There is another way but I won't tell you what it is.  He thought of his own father, of how he sang songs while his mother played and of how he always gave him a shilling when he asked for sixpence and he felt sorry for him that he was not a magistrate like the other boys' fathers. 
 —The same riddle, he said. 
 —Can you not think of the other way? —No, said Stephen. 
 —That's an old riddle, he said. —And very bad language if you ask me, said Mr Dedalus coolly. 
  But his father had told him that he would be no stranger there because his granduncle had presented an address to the liberator there fifty years before. 
 —Well, I can't help thinking of our friend Christopher manufacturing.  They said you got stinking stuff to drink when you were in the infirmary. 
  Nobody spoke. 
  Not another word now. 
  Then why was he sent to that place with them?  He told Stephen that his name was Athy and that his father kept a lot of racehorses that were spiffing jumpers and that his father would give a good tip to Brother Michael any time he wanted it because Brother Michael was very decent and always told him the news out of the paper they got every day up in the castle.  And his father had given him two five-shilling pieces for pocket money.  Perhaps they will be sent up for twice nine. —Didn't the bishops of Ireland betray us in the time of the union when Bishop Lanigan presented an address of loyalty to the Marquess Cornwallis? And he saw Dante in a maroon velvet dress and with a green velvet mantle hanging from her shoulders walking proudly and silently past the people who knelt by the water's edge. The cars drove past the chapel and all caps were raised. 
 The cold sunlight was weaker and Brother Michael was standing at his bedside with a bowl of beef-tea.  There was no noise on the playgrounds.  And all over the playgrounds they were playing rounders and bowling twisters and lobs.  They are doing their duty in warning the people. 
  As he passed the door he remembered with a vague fear the warm turf-coloured bogwater, the warm moist air, the noise of plunges, the smell of the towels, like medicine.  Mother was sitting at the fire with Dante waiting for Brigid to bring in the tea. —It's a stinking mean thing, that's what it is, said Fleming in the corridor as the classes were passing out in file to the refectory, to pandy a fellow for what is not his fault.  It would be nice getting better slowly.  Getting up on the cars in the early wintry morning outside the door of the castle.  There was a book in the library about Holland.  He had tried to spell out the headline for himself though he knew already what it was for it was the last of the book.  They called us all the names in the world.  But Clongowes was far away: and the warm heavy smell of turkey and ham and celery rose from the plates and dishes and the great fire was banked high and red in the grate and the green ivy and red holly made you feel so happy and when dinner was ended the big plum pudding would be carried in, studded with peeled almonds and sprigs of holly, with bluish fire running around it and a little green flag flying from the top. 
 All were waiting: uncle Charles, who sat far away in the shadow of the window, Dante and Mr Casey, who sat in the easy-chairs at either side of the hearth, Stephen, seated on a chair between them, his feet resting on the toasted boss. —A nice answer, said Dante, for any man calling himself a catholic to give to his priest.  Or the waves were talking among themselves as they rose and fell.  It was the noise of the waves.  To think of them beaten and swollen with pain all in a moment made him feel so sorry for them as if they were not his own but someone else's that he felt sorry for.  Or the waves were talking among themselves as they rose and fell.  Or the waves were talking among themselves as they rose and fell. He saw the sea of waves, long dark waves rising and falling, dark under the moonless night. 
 The rector looked at him in silence and he could feel the blood rising to his face and the tears about to rise to his eyes.  A tiny light twinkled at the pierhead where the ship was entering: and he saw a multitude of people gathered by the waters' edge to see the ship that was entering their harbour.  The rector would be there in a cope of black and gold and there would be tall yellow candles on the altar and round the catafalque. 
 
  He is dead!  The rector would be there in a cope of black and gold and there would be tall yellow candles on the altar and round the catafalque. They fell upon their knees, moaning in sorrow. 
  Parnell! —Let him remember too, cried Mr Casey to her from across the table, the language with which the priests and the priests' pawns broke Parnell's heart and hounded him into his grave.  My dead king! 
  And he remembered the evening in the infirmary in Clongowes, the dark waters, the light at the pierhead and the moan of sorrow from the people when they had heard. 
  That was why the prefect of studies had called him a schemer and pandied him for nothing: and, straining his weak eyes, tired with the tears, he watched big Corrigan's broad shoulders and big hanging black head passing in the file. 
  But Clongowes was far away: and the warm heavy smell of turkey and ham and celery rose from the plates and dishes and the great fire was banked high and red in the grate and the green ivy and red holly made you feel so happy and when dinner was ended the big plum pudding would be carried in, studded with peeled almonds and sprigs of holly, with bluish fire running around it and a little green flag flying from the top.  They had come home a little late and still dinner was not ready: but it would be ready in a jiffy his mother had said.  And then when all were vested he had stood holding out the boat to the rector and the rector had put a spoonful of incense in it and it had hissed on the red coals. 
  There was a skull on the desk and a strange solemn smell in the room like the old leather of chairs.  There were holly and ivy round the pierglass and holly and ivy, green and red, twined round the chandeliers.  He leaned his elbows on the table and shut and opened the flaps of his ears.  He smiled to think how the silvery noise which Mr Casey used to make had deceived him.  And Stephen smiled too for he knew now that it was not true that Mr Casey had a purse of silver in his throat.  And Stephen smiled too for he knew now that it was not true that Mr Casey had a purse of silver in his throat. 
  Yes. O, well now, we got a good breath of ozone round the Head today.  He had nothing to do but that: to turn to the right and walk fast up the staircase and in half a minute he would be in the low dark narrow corridor that led through the castle to the rector's room.  Yes. Stephen lifted his eyes in wonder and saw for a moment Father Dolan's white-grey not young face, his baldy white-grey head with fluff at the sides of it, the steel rims of his spectacles and his no-coloured eyes looking through the glasses. —Yes, yes, said Mr Dedalus quickly. —Father Dolan came in today and pandied me because I was not writing my theme.  
 
 —Now, Mrs Riordan, sit over. 
 
 —No, thanks. 
  cried Mr Dedalus, seizing his guest by the coat sleeve.  The scalding water burst forth from his eyes and, burning with shame and agony and fear, he drew back his shaking arm in terror and burst out into a whine of pain. He winked at Stephen and, replacing the dish-cover, began to eat again. 
  It was the night of the match against the Bective Rangers; and the ball was made just like a red and green apple only it opened and it was full of the creamy sweets. 
  If they took a fool's advice they would confine their attention to religion. 
 —That was a good answer our friend made to the canon. 
 
 —Well, I can't help thinking of our friend Christopher manufacturing. 
 Mr Dedalus laughed loudly and lay back in his chair while uncle Charles swayed his head to and fro. 
 —Poor old Christy, he's nearly lopsided now with roguery. —Sit over, she said.  They said: pick, pack, pock, puck: little drops of water in a fountain slowly falling in the brimming bowl. 
  Stephen, seeing and hearing the hotel keeper through his father's face and voice, laughed. 
 —Well, my Christmas dinner has been spoiled anyhow.  He felt his body small and weak amid the throng of the players and his eyes were weak and watery. 
  The fellows were struggling and groaning and their legs were rubbing and kicking and stamping. He inclined his head, closed his eyes, and, licking his lips profusely, began to speak with the voice of the hotel keeper. 
 
  She had said that pockets were funny things to have: and then all of a sudden she had broken away and had run laughing down the sloping curve of the path. 
 He had reached the door and, turning quickly up to the right, walked up the stairs and, before he could make up his mind to come back, he had entered the low dark narrow corridor that led to the castle.  Mrs Dedalus rose quickly and followed her towards the door. 
 —Now, Mrs Riordan, sit over. 
 
  John, sit you down, my hearty. —And am I to sit here and listen to the pastors of my church being flouted? 
 
  The evening air was pale and chilly and after every charge and thud of the footballers the greasy leather orb flew like a heavy bird through the grey light. 
 
 —Poor old Christy, he's nearly lopsided now with roguery. 
 
  IT WOULD BE BETTER FOR HIM THAT A MILLSTONE WERE TIED ABOUT HIS NECK AND THAT HE WERE CAST INTO THE DEPTHS OF THE SEA RATHER THAN THAT HE SHOULD SCANDALIZE ONE OF THESE, MY LEAST LITTLE ONES.  AMEN. 
  And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle. 
 Why did Mr Barrett in Clongowes call his pandybat a turkey? 
  Please come and take me home.  But, though there were different names for God in all the different languages in the world and God understood what all the people who prayed said in their different languages, still God remained always the same God and God's real name was God. 
  And old Barrett has a new way of twisting the note so that you can't open it and fold it again to see how many ferulae you are to get. A great fire, banked high and red, flamed in the grate and under the ivy-twined branches of the chandelier the Christmas table was spread. 
 God bless my little brothers and sisters and spare them to me!  He thought of it with deep awe; a terrible and strange sin: it thrilled him to think of it in the silence when the pens scraped lightly. I was thinking about the bad language of the railway porter. Mr Dedalus turned to uncle Charles. 
 The cold slime of the ditch covered his whole body; and, when the bell rang for study and the lines filed out of the playrooms, he felt the cold air of the corridor and staircase inside his clothes. 
 —Is it Christy? 
 —Haven't I? 
 Mr Dedalus turned to uncle Charles. 
 —Simon, said Mrs Dedalus, you haven't given Mrs Riordan any sauce.  cried Mr Dedalus. —For pity sake and for pity sake let us have no political discussion on this day of all days in the year. 
 —O yes sir, thanks. 
  When he was down they turned on him to betray him and rend him like rats in a sewer. 
 He was for Ireland and Parnell and so was his father: and so was Dante too for one night at the band on the esplanade she had hit a gentleman on the head with her umbrella because he had taken off his hat when the band played GOD SAVE THE QUEEN at the end. 
  Now, Simon, that's quite enough now. 
 —You did not, John, said Mr Dedalus. 
  I think I had better eat it myself because I'm not well in my health lately. —Mrs Riordan, don't excite yourself answering them. 
 —O JESUS, MARY AND JOSEPH!  Her fair hair had streamed out behind her like gold in the sun. 
  And then when all were vested he had stood holding out the boat to the rector and the rector had put a spoonful of incense in it and it had hissed on the red coals.  Uncle Charles could not speak because his mouth was full; but he nodded that it was.  He shook the poker gravely and nodded his head at the fellow out of third of grammar. 
 —Well, I can't help thinking of our friend Christopher manufacturing.  A priest would not be a priest if he did not tell his flock what is right and what is wrong. —They have only themselves to blame, said Mr Dedalus suavely. 
  We have had too much God In Ireland. 
  said Dante, turning to Mrs Dedalus. 
 —Nice language for any catholic to use! 
  The fellows had told him to go but they would not go themselves. Mr Casey took the glass, drank, and placed it near him on the mantelpiece. 
 —It is religion, Dante said again. —What doing? 
 —There could be neither luck nor grace, Dante said, in a house where there is no respect for the pastors of the church. 
 —O, he'll remember all this when he grows up, said Dante hotly—the language he heard against God and religion and priests in his own home. —We are all sinners and black sinners, said Mr Casey coldly. —The bishops and priests of Ireland have spoken, said Dante, and they must be obeyed. 
 —Nobody is saying a word against them, said Mr Dedalus, so long as they don't meddle in politics. —Well, you can't say but you were asked. 
 —The bishops and priests of Ireland have spoken, said Dante, and they must be obeyed.  What was the right answer to the question? —You are all wrong. 
 
 —For pity sake and for pity sake let us have no political discussion on this day of all days in the year. 
  Now, Simon, that's quite enough now.  Was he not holy enough or why could he not catch up on the others? —Nobody is saying a word against them, said Mr Dedalus, so long as they don't meddle in politics. 
  Mrs Dedalus rose quickly and followed her towards the door. 
 
 He heaped up the food on Stephen's plate and served uncle Charles and Mr Casey to large pieces of turkey and splashes of sauce. 
 —All are taking expulsion except Corrigan, Athy answered. 
 —And I may tell you, ma'am, that I, if you mean me, am no renegade catholic. 
  He could not get out the answer for the sum but it did not matter. 
 
  But his dark eyes were never fierce and his slow voice was good to listen to. 
  But he had a saying about our clerical friends, that he would never let one of them put his two feet under his mahogany. 
  They obeyed their bishops and their priests. 
  If he went on with the fellows he could never go up to the rector because he could not leave the playground for that. 
 Stephen bent forward his head to hear. He had reached the door and, turning quickly up to the right, walked up the stairs and, before he could make up his mind to come back, he had entered the low dark narrow corridor that led to the castle. 
 —We are all sinners and black sinners, said Mr Casey coldly. —Simon! He was for Ireland and Parnell and so was his father: and so was Dante too for one night at the band on the esplanade she had hit a gentleman on the head with her umbrella because he had taken off his hat when the band played GOD SAVE THE QUEEN at the end. 
  Too bad! —And very bad language if you ask me, said Mr Dedalus coolly.  said uncle Charles. 
 —And what did you do, John? —Let him remember too, cried Mr Casey to her from across the table, the language with which the priests and the priests' pawns broke Parnell's heart and hounded him into his grave.  And he remembered the evening in the infirmary in Clongowes, the dark waters, the light at the pierhead and the moan of sorrow from the people when they had heard. 
  Are we not to follow the man that was born to lead us?  It is a question of public morality. 
 —We are all sinners and black sinners, said Mr Casey coldly. 
  Such booing and baaing, man, you never heard. —Mrs Riordan, don't excite yourself answering them.  I am a catholic as my father was and his father before him and his father before him again, when we gave up our lives rather than sell our faith.  And it was there that the old servants had seen the ghost in the white cloak of a marshal. 
 —Ask him, he said. 
  Simon! —Really, Simon, you should not speak that way before Stephen. He heaped up the food on Stephen's plate and served uncle Charles and Mr Casey to large pieces of turkey and splashes of sauce.  The boy that held the censer had swung it lifted by the middle chain to keep the coals lighting. 
 —Lord Leitrim's coachman, yes, said Mr Dedalus. It pained him that he did not know well what politics meant and that he did not know where the universe ended.  We were down there at a meeting and after the meeting was over we had to make our way to the railway station through the crowd. —Well, you can't say but you were asked. —Do you see that old chap up there, John?  I think I had better eat it myself because I'm not well in my health lately. —There's a tasty bit here we call the pope's nose. 
  He had been thrown by the fellow's machine lightly on the cinder path and his spectacles had been broken in three pieces and some of the grit of the cinders had gone Into his mouth.  It was like a train going in and out of tunnels and that was like the noise of the boys eating in the refectory when you opened and closed the flaps of the ears.  And then when all were vested he had stood holding out the boat to the rector and the rector had put a spoonful of incense in it and it had hissed on the red coals. 
  He is right and the other fellows are wrong because a flogging wears off after a bit but a fellow that has been expelled from college is known all his life on account of it. He was for Ireland and Parnell and so was his father: and so was Dante too for one night at the band on the esplanade she had hit a gentleman on the head with her umbrella because he had taken off his hat when the band played GOD SAVE THE QUEEN at the end. 
 Mr Dedalus threw his knife and fork noisily on his plate. Nobody spoke. 
 —Well, it is perfectly dreadful to say that not even for one day in the year, said Mrs Dedalus, can we be free from these dreadful disputes! —Very well, the rector said, it is a mistake and I shall speak to Father Dolan myself. 
  Then replacing the jar in the locker he poured a little of the whisky into two glasses, added a little water and came back with them to the fireplace. 
  One day when he had been called to the castle the butler had shown him the marks of the soldiers' slugs in the wood of the door and had given him a piece of shortbread that the community ate. 
  But the lines of the letters were like fine invisible threads and it was only by closing his right eye tight and staring out of the left eye that he could make out the full curves of the capital. —I think there were more strangers down than last Christmas. 
  The prefect spoke to Brother Michael and Brother Michael answered and called the prefect sir. 
  There were plenty of strangers down too. 
 
  But he had heard his father say that she was a spoiled nun and that she had come out of the convent in the Alleghanies when her brother had got the money from the savages for the trinkets and the chainies. 
 —And am I to sit here and listen to the pastors of my church being flouted? 
 He threw his fist on the table and, frowning angrily, protruded one finger after another. 
  Respect! —Princes of the church, said Mr Casey with slow scorn. —Tub of guts, said Mr Dedalus coarsely. —There could be neither luck nor grace, Dante said, in a house where there is no respect for the pastors of the church. 
  Mr Dedalus uttered a guffaw of coarse scorn. 
 —They are the Lord's anointed, Dante said. 
 O Lord make haste to help us!  Honour to them! 
  Is it for Billy with the lip or for the tub of guts up in Armagh? He had reached the door and, turning quickly up to the right, walked up the stairs and, before he could make up his mind to come back, he had entered the low dark narrow corridor that led to the castle. He twisted his features into a grimace of heavy bestiality and made a lapping noise with his lips. —O, he'll remember all this when he grows up, said Dante hotly—the language he heard against God and religion and priests in his own home. 
  You should see that fellow lapping up his bacon and cabbage of a cold winter's day. 
 —You really broke your glasses by accident, didn't you?  Because Dante must be right then. 
  Let him remember that too when he grows up. 
  Let him remember that too when he grows up. —O, he'll remember all this when he grows up, said Dante hotly—the language he heard against God and religion and priests in his own home. 
  But he had heard his father say that she was a spoiled nun and that she had come out of the convent in the Alleghanies when her brother had got the money from the savages for the trinkets and the chainies. —They behaved rightly, cried Dante. —Didn't the bishops of Ireland betray us in the time of the union when Bishop Lanigan presented an address of loyalty to the Marquess Cornwallis?  The moocow came down the road where Betty Byrne lived: she sold lemon platt.  By Christ, they look it!  TOUCH THEM NOT, says Christ, FOR THEY ARE THE APPLE OF MY EYE. 
 —O, by God, he cried, I forgot little old Paul Cullen! —The bishops and priests of Ireland have spoken, said Dante, and they must be obeyed. —I didn't mean to, honour bright. 
 —For pity sake and for pity sake let us have no political discussion on this day of all days in the year. 
 
  But he had heard his father say that she was a spoiled nun and that she had come out of the convent in the Alleghanies when her brother had got the money from the savages for the trinkets and the chainies.  And his father had told him if he wanted anything to write home to him and, whatever he did, never to peach on a fellow.  Well there was one old lady, and a drunken old harridan she was surely, that paid all her attention to me. 
 
  He had nothing to do but that: to turn to the right and walk fast up the staircase and in half a minute he would be in the low dark narrow corridor that led through the castle to the rector's room. —And I may tell you, ma'am, that I, if you mean me, am no renegade catholic. 
 
 It was not nice about the spit in the woman's eye. 
 —The story, John, said Mr Dedalus smiling. 
 —The story, John, said Mr Dedalus smiling.  Once he had washed his hands in the lavatory of the Wicklow Hotel and his father pulled the stopper up by the chain after and the dirty water went down through the hole in the basin. 
 
  I will defend my church and my religion when it is insulted and spit on by renegade catholics.  IT WOULD BE BETTER FOR HIM THAT A MILLSTONE WERE TIED ABOUT HIS NECK AND THAT HE WERE CAST INTO THE DEPTHS OF THE SEA RATHER THAN THAT HE SHOULD SCANDALIZE ONE OF THESE, MY LEAST LITTLE ONES. 
  The scalding water burst forth from his eyes and, burning with shame and agony and fear, he drew back his shaking arm in terror and burst out into a whine of pain. 
  Mr Casey leaned his head to one side and, smiling, tapped the gland of his-neck with his fingers. —Well, my Christmas dinner has been spoiled anyhow. 
  Didn't the bishops and priests sell the aspirations of their country in 1829 in return for catholic emancipation?  repeated the prefect of studies.  A tall man stood on the deck, looking out towards the flat dark land: and by the light at the pierhead he saw his face, the sorrowful face of Brother Michael. 
 Mr Dedalus laughed loudly and lay back in his chair while uncle Charles swayed his head to and fro. 
  And she did not like him to play with Eileen because Eileen was a protestant and when she was young she knew children that used to play with protestants and the protestants used to make fun of the litany of the Blessed Virgin. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  But his dark eyes were never fierce and his slow voice was good to listen to. 
 
 
 
 —The story is very short and sweet, Mr Casey said. O Lord make haste to help us! 
 Dante stared across the table, her cheeks shaking.  But his dark eyes were never fierce and his slow voice was good to listen to. —And am I to sit here and listen to the pastors of my church being flouted?  Perhaps that made her severe against Parnell.  I will tell you but you must not let on you know. —Well, my Christmas dinner has been spoiled anyhow. Dante shoved her chair violently aside and left the table, upsetting her napkin-ring which rolled slowly along the carpet and came to rest against the foot of an easy-chair.  That was the meaning of TOWER OF IVORY but protestants could not understand it and made fun of it.  How could a woman be a tower of ivory or a house of gold?  That was the meaning of TOWER OF IVORY. —Who caught them?  A tiny light twinkled at the pierhead where the ship was entering: and he saw a multitude of people gathered by the waters' edge to see the ship that was entering their harbour. 
 Eileen had long thin cool white hands too because she was a girl.  And all over the playgrounds they were playing rounders and bowling twisters and lobs.  That was the meaning of TOWER OF IVORY.  That was the meaning of TOWER OF IVORY but protestants could not understand it and made fun of it. 
 His father told him that story: his father looked at him through a glass: he had a hairy face. —It was down in Arklow one day. —You may return to your places, you two. 
  He turned over the flyleaf and looked wearily at the green round earth in the middle of the maroon clouds. 
  What did that mean about the smugging in the square? 
 
  It was one day down in Arklow, a cold bitter day, not long before the chief died.  We were down there at a meeting and after the meeting was over we had to make our way to the railway station through the crowd.  But the worst of all was Fleming's theme because the pages were stuck together by a blot: and Father Arnall held it up by a corner and said it was an insult to any master to send him up such a theme.  God and religion before the world.  It is too bad surely.  One day he had stood beside her looking into the hotel grounds.  I let her bawl away, to her heart's content, KITTY O'SHEA and the rest of it till at last she called that lady a name that I won't sully this Christmas board nor your ears, ma'am, nor my own lips by repeating.  A waiter was running up a trail of bunting on the flagstaff and a fox terrier was scampering to and fro on the sunny lawn.  I let her bawl away, to her heart's content, KITTY O'SHEA and the rest of it till at last she called that lady a name that I won't sully this Christmas board nor your ears, ma'am, nor my own lips by repeating. 
 —Well, John?  asked Mr Casey. 
  I let her bawl away, to her heart's content, KITTY O'SHEA and the rest of it till at last she called that lady a name that I won't sully this Christmas board nor your ears, ma'am, nor my own lips by repeating.  She stuck her ugly old face up at me when she said it and I had my mouth full of tobacco juice. 
 —And what did you do, John? 
 —Very well then, he shouted hoarsely, if it comes to that, no God for Ireland! —I let her bawl away, said Mr Casey. 
 He closed his eyes wearily and paused. 
 —Ah, John, he said. 
 —Do you see that old chap up there, John? But what was the name the woman had called Kitty O'Shea that Mr Casey would not repeat?  But the worst of all was Fleming's theme because the pages were stuck together by a blot: and Father Arnall held it up by a corner and said it was an insult to any master to send him up such a theme. —PHTH!  says I to her like that, right into her eye. 
  screamed Dante, starting to her feet and almost spitting in his face. 
  I bent down to her and PHTH!  says she. 
 	Uncle Charles and Dante clapped. 
 —Mary?  TOUCH THEM NOT, says Christ, FOR THEY ARE THE APPLE OF MY EYE.  I'M BLINDED AND DROWNDED! —I'M BLINDED ENTIRELY. 
 
 Stephen stumbled into the middle of the class, blinded by fear and haste. 
  There were dark wooden presses there where the crimped surplices lay quietly folded. 
 
  Very nice!  He wondered from which window Hamilton Rowan had thrown his hat on the ha-ha and had there been flowerbeds at that time under the windows. It was not nice about the spit in the woman's eye. 
  I will defend my church and my religion when it is insulted and spit on by renegade catholics. 
  KITTY O'SHEA!  Mr Harford went to and fro making little signs in red pencil and sometimes sitting beside the boy to show him how to hold his pen. Then the higher line fellows began to come down along the matting in the middle of the refectory, Paddy Rath and Jimmy Magee and the Spaniard who was allowed to smoke cigars and the little Portuguese who wore the woolly cap.  They were on a car. 
 He was for Ireland and Parnell and so was his father: and so was Dante too for one night at the band on the esplanade she had hit a gentleman on the head with her umbrella because he had taken off his hat when the band played GOD SAVE THE QUEEN at the end. 
  Father Arnall gave out the theme-books and he said that they were scandalous and that they were all to be written out again with the corrections at once. 
 —Ah, do!  The priests were always the true friends of Ireland. —A priest-ridden Godforsaken race! 
 
  A bad business! —A bad business! 
 
 —If we are a priest-ridden race we ought to be proud of it! 
 Balbus was building a wall. 
  Here, Stephen, show me your plate, old chap.  said Mr Casey.  And his father had given him two five-shilling pieces for pocket money.  We crushed him to death!  The priests were always the true friends of Ireland. 
 
  We are an unfortunate priest-ridden race and always were and always will be till the end of the chapter.  TOUCH THEM NOT, says Christ, FOR THEY ARE THE APPLE OF MY EYE.  MAY THY HOLY ANGELS DWELL HEREIN TO PRESERVE US IN PEACE AND MAY THY BLESSINGS BE ALWAYS UPON US THROUGH CHRIST OUR LORD. 
 —A traitor to his country!  asked the fellow who had spoken first.  A born idler! 
  A traitor, an adulterer!  Dante cried. —A traitor to his country!  The priests were always the true friends of Ireland.  But he had a saying about our clerical friends, that he would never let one of them put his two feet under his mahogany. 
  I am a catholic as my father was and his father before him and his father before him again, when we gave up our lives rather than sell our faith. Mr Casey raised his clenched fist and brought it down on the table with a crash. 
 Mr Dedalus threw his knife and fork noisily on his plate. 
  When he was down they turned on him to betray him and rend him like rats in a sewer.  Perhaps they had stolen a monstrance to run away with and sell it somewhere.  But if he did it one time by mistake what would he do to go to confession? —You really broke your glasses by accident, didn't you? 
  Mr Dedalus looked at himself in the pierglass above the mantelpiece, waxed out his moustache ends and then, parting his coattails, stood with his back to the glowing fire: and still from time to time he withdrew a hand from his coat-tail to wax out one of his moustache ends. —Princes of the church, said Mr Casey with slow scorn. 
  Dante cried.  It was the night of the match against the Bective Rangers; and the ball was made just like a red and green apple only it opened and it was full of the creamy sweets. 
 
  Right!  They were always right!  And one day Boyle had said that art elephant had two tuskers instead of two tusks and that was why he was called Tusker Boyle but some fellows called him Lady Boyle because he was always at his nails, paring them.  It is a question of public morality. 
 
  A fellow asked him to give it one last: but he walked on without even answering the fellow. 
 It could not be a wall; but there could be a thin thin line there all round everything.  cried Mr Dedalus, seizing his guest by the coat sleeve.  They could all have become high-up people in the world if they had not become jesuits. 
 The cars drove past the chapel and all caps were raised. 
  You'll get your walking papers in the morning when the doctor comes. 
  John!  But he thought they were the portraits of the saints and great men of the order who were looking down on him silently as he passed: saint Ignatius Loyola holding an open book and pointing to the words AD MAJOREM DEI GLORIAM in it; saint Francis Xavier pointing to his chest; Lorenzo Ricci with his berretta on his head like one of the prefects of the lines, the three patrons of holy youth—saint Stanislaus Kostka, saint Aloysius Gonzago, and Blessed John Berchmans, all with young faces because they died when they were young, and Father Peter Kenny sitting in a chair wrapped in a big cloak.  Mr Dedalus looked at himself in the pierglass above the mantelpiece, waxed out his moustache ends and then, parting his coattails, stood with his back to the glowing fire: and still from time to time he withdrew a hand from his coat-tail to wax out one of his moustache ends. 
 Stephen looked with affection at Mr Casey's face which stared across the table over his joined hands. They made a cradle of their locked hands and hoisted him up among them and carried him along till he struggled to get free. 
  We have had too much God In Ireland.  he cried loudly. —Did they hurt you much? —Away with God, I say! 
  —Devil out of hell! He turned aside and made the act of spitting. 
  Once he had washed his hands in the lavatory of the Wicklow Hotel and his father pulled the stopper up by the chain after and the dirty water went down through the hole in the basin. 
  They thought he would say the day he won some great battle or the day he was made an emperor. 
  They closed round him in a ring, pushing one against another to hear.  Mrs Dedalus followed and the places were arranged. 
  Devil!  We won't let it out.  They looked at him and saw their master's face and cloak and knew that he had received his death-wound.  
  Her fair hair had streamed out behind her like gold in the sun. 
 Stephen's heart jumped suddenly. 
 —Poor old Christy, he's nearly lopsided now with roguery. He sobbed loudly and bitterly.  There was an instant of dead silence and then the loud crack of a pandybat on the last desk. 
  He had skin the same colour as the turf-coloured bogwater in the shallow end of the bath and when he walked along the side his feet slapped loudly on the wet tiles and at every step his thighs shook a little because he was fat. 
  The scalding water burst forth from his eyes and, burning with shame and agony and fear, he drew back his shaking arm in terror and burst out into a whine of pain. 
 The fellows were talking together in little groups here and there on the playground. 
 
 And the train raced on over the flat lands and past the Hill of Allen. 
 —They were caught with Simon Moonan and Tusker Boyle in the square one night. 
  Perhaps he would go to confession to the minister.  Then at the door of the castle the rector had shaken hands with his father and mother, his soutane fluttering in the breeze, and the car had driven off with his father and mother on it. 
 —Yes, that's what I heard too from the fellow in the higher line. 
 
  Why did the five fellows out of the higher line run away for that? 
 I won't come back, see if I do, Cecil Thunder said. —Who fecked it? 
  Because they had fecked cash out of the rector's room. 
  Rody Kickham was not like that: he would be captain of the third line all the fellows said.  You went there when you wanted to do something. 
  It was not the chapel but still you had to speak under your breath.  How could they have done that? 
  He had skin the same colour as the turf-coloured bogwater in the shallow end of the bath and when he walked along the side his feet slapped loudly on the wet tiles and at every step his thighs shook a little because he was fat. —I was told not to, Wells said. —Do you know why those fellows scut? 
  You might tell us. 
 —O, go on, Wells, all said. 
  Wells looked round to see if anyone was coming.  You might if you know. I won't come back, see if I do, Cecil Thunder said. 
  The other boys bent over their theme-books and began to write.  DIEU was the French for God and that was God's name too; and when anyone prayed to God and said DIEU then God knew at once that it was a French person that was praying. 
  He thought of the dark silent sacristy. 
 —Yes, that's what I heard too from the fellow in the higher line. 
  Wells had said that they had drunk some of the altar wine out of the press in the sacristy and that it had been found out who had done it by the smell.  A quick whisper ran through the class: the prefect of studies. 
 
  Why did the five fellows out of the higher line run away for that? 
  He thought of the dark silent sacristy. During the writing lesson he sat with his arms folded, listening to the slow scraping of the pens.  He thought of it with deep awe; a terrible and strange sin: it thrilled him to think of it in the silence when the pens scraped lightly. —What is going to be done to them?  Wells had said that they had drunk some of the altar wine out of the press in the sacristy and that it had been found out who had done it by the smell. During the writing lesson he sat with his arms folded, listening to the slow scraping of the pens.  Because on the day when he had made his first holy communion in the chapel he had shut his eyes and opened his mouth and put out his tongue a little: and when the rector had stooped down to give him the holy communion he had smelt a faint winy smell off the rector's breath after the wine of the mass.  A strange and holy place.  There was the smell of evening in the air, the smell of the fields in the country where they digged up turnips to peel them and eat them when they went out for a walk to Major Barton's, the smell there was in the little wood beyond the pavilion where the gallnuts were.  Because on the day when he had made his first holy communion in the chapel he had shut his eyes and opened his mouth and put out his tongue a little: and when the rector had stooped down to give him the holy communion he had smelt a faint winy smell off the rector's breath after the wine of the mass.  That must have been a terrible sin, to go in there quietly at night, to open the dark press and steal the flashing gold thing into which God was put on the altar in the middle of flowers and candles at benediction while the incense went up in clouds at both sides as the fellow swung the censer and Dominic Kelly sang the first part by himself in the choir.  That must have been a terrible sin, to go in there quietly at night, to open the dark press and steal the flashing gold thing into which God was put on the altar in the middle of flowers and candles at benediction while the incense went up in clouds at both sides as the fellow swung the censer and Dominic Kelly sang the first part by himself in the choir. He poured sauce freely over Stephen's plate and set the boat again on the table. 
 The fellows talked together in little groups. That was why the fellows seemed to him smaller and farther away and the goalposts so thin and far and the soft grey sky so high up.  He wondered from which window Hamilton Rowan had thrown his hat on the ha-ha and had there been flowerbeds at that time under the windows. 
  The fellows seemed to him to have grown smaller: that was because a sprinter had knocked him down the day before, a fellow out of second of grammar.  Simon Moonan had nice clothes and one night he had shown him a ball of creamy sweets that the fellows of the football fifteen had rolled down to him along the carpet in the middle of the refectory when he was at the door. The fellows were practising long shies and bowling lobs and slow twisters.  There were different kinds of sounds.  In the soft grey silence he could hear the bump of the balls: and from here and from there through the quiet air the sound of the cricket bats: pick, pack, pock, puck: like drops of water in a fountain falling softly in the brimming bowl. 
 
  He is right and the other fellows are wrong because a flogging wears off after a bit but a fellow that has been expelled from college is known all his life on account of it. 
 —Yes, said Cecil Thunder eagerly, and I saw him lift the pandy-bat over his shoulder and he's not allowed to do that. 
 —Why him? 
 —Do you know why those fellows scut? 
 It was unfair and cruel because the doctor had told him not to read without glasses and he had written home to his father that morning to send him a new pair. 
 Athy pointed across the playground to where Simon Moonan was walking by himself kicking a stone before him. 
  The fellows were struggling and groaning and their legs were rubbing and kicking and stamping. 
  He wanted to ask somebody about it. 
 
 —Do you know why those fellows scut? 
 —What is going to be done to them? 
 
  I know why they scut. It must be done. 
  But all the same it was queer what Athy said and the way he said it.  That must have been a terrible sin, to go in there quietly at night, to open the dark press and steal the flashing gold thing into which God was put on the altar in the middle of flowers and candles at benediction while the incense went up in clouds at both sides as the fellow swung the censer and Dominic Kelly sang the first part by himself in the choir.  It was cruel and unfair to make him kneel in the middle of the class then: and Father Arnall had told them both that they might return to their places without making any difference between them. 
 
  And one day Boyle had said that art elephant had two tuskers instead of two tusks and that was why he was called Tusker Boyle but some fellows called him Lady Boyle because he was always at his nails, paring them. 
 
 He was caught in the whirl of a scrimmage and, fearful of the flashing eyes and muddy boots, bent down to look through the legs. 
  The class must be doing the themes or perhaps Father Arnall was reading out of the book. 
 
  What did that mean about the smugging in the square? 
 
  Why did the five fellows out of the higher line run away for that? 
  But he thought they were the portraits of the saints and great men of the order who were looking down on him silently as he passed: saint Ignatius Loyola holding an open book and pointing to the words AD MAJOREM DEI GLORIAM in it; saint Francis Xavier pointing to his chest; Lorenzo Ricci with his berretta on his head like one of the prefects of the lines, the three patrons of holy youth—saint Stanislaus Kostka, saint Aloysius Gonzago, and Blessed John Berchmans, all with young faces because they died when they were young, and Father Peter Kenny sitting in a chair wrapped in a big cloak.  A thing like that had been done before by somebody in history, by some great person whose head was in the books of history. —Smugging.  The pandybat came down on it with a loud smacking sound: one, two, three, four, five, six.  Do you see the joke?  One day when he had been called to the castle the butler had shown him the marks of the soldiers' slugs in the wood of the door and had given him a piece of shortbread that the community ate. —Go and fight your match. —Simon Moonan and Tusker are going to be flogged, Athy said, and the fellows in the higher line got their choice of flogging or being expelled. 
  She had put her hand into his pocket where his hand was and he had felt how cool and thin and soft her hand was.  That was the meaning of TOWER OF IVORY but protestants could not understand it and made fun of it.  That was the meaning of TOWER OF IVORY.  But there was no play on the football grounds for cricket was coming: and some said that Barnes would be prof and some said it would be Flowers.  MR FOX!  That was a belt round his pocket.  He kept his hands in the side pockets of his belted grey suit.  He had reddish hair mixed with grey and a queer look.  TOWER OF IVORY they used to say, HOUSE OF GOLD!  That must have been a terrible sin, to go in there quietly at night, to open the dark press and steal the flashing gold thing into which God was put on the altar in the middle of flowers and candles at benediction while the incense went up in clouds at both sides as the fellow swung the censer and Dominic Kelly sang the first part by himself in the choir.  Stephen felt his own face red too, thinking of all the bets about who would get first place in elements, Jack Lawton or he. 
  That was mean of Wells to shoulder him into the square ditch because he would not swop his little snuff box for Wells's seasoned hacking chestnut, the conqueror of forty. It was wrong; it was unfair and cruel; and, as he sat in the refectory, he suffered time after time in memory the same humiliation until he began to wonder whether it might not really be that there was something in his face which made him look like a schemer and he wished he had a little mirror to see.  His mother put her lips on his cheek; her lips were soft and they wetted his cheek; and they made a tiny little noise: kiss. 
 It could not be a wall; but there could be a thin thin line there all round everything. 
  A pale sunlight showed the yellow curtains drawn back, the tossed beds.  She had said that pockets were funny things to have: and then all of a sudden she had broken away and had run laughing down the sloping curve of the path. 
 Perhaps that was why they were there because it was a place where some fellows wrote things for cod. 
 —He wrote a bad Latin theme, Father Arnall said, and he missed all the questions in grammar.  It was the same in the bath when you undressed yourself.  It was only for cod. —Why are you not writing like the others? 
 
 —The senate and the Roman people declared that Dedalus had been wrongly punished. 
 Yes, said Cecil Thunder, and the prefect of studies was in second of grammar this morning.  He had nothing to do but that: to turn to the right and walk fast up the staircase and in half a minute he would be in the low dark narrow corridor that led through the castle to the rector's room. 
  Wells had said that they had drunk some of the altar wine out of the press in the sacristy and that it had been found out who had done it by the smell.  And he wondered what Father Arnall and Paddy Barrett would have become and what Mr McGlade and Mr Gleeson would have become if they had not become jesuits.  Besides Gleeson won't flog him hard. 
  Then to be called a schemer before the class and to be pandied when he always got the card for first or second and was the leader of the Yorkists! 
  They'll both get it on the vital spot.  But I don't believe they will be flogged. 
  The air was very silent and you could hear the cricket bats but more slowly than before: pick, pock.  In the soft grey silence he could hear the bump of the balls: and from here and from there through the quiet air the sound of the cricket bats: pick, pack, pock, puck: like drops of water in a fountain falling softly in the brimming bowl. 
 
 It must be done. 
  He is right and the other fellows are wrong because a flogging wears off after a bit but a fellow that has been expelled from college is known all his life on account of it. 
 —All are taking expulsion except Corrigan, Athy answered. —The bishops and priests of Ireland have spoken, said Dante, and they must be obeyed. 
 —And which are they taking?  But I don't believe they will be flogged. 
 —I wouldn't like to be Simon Moonan and Tusker Cecil Thunder said. —Simon Moonan and Tusker are going to be flogged, Athy said, and the fellows in the higher line got their choice of flogging or being expelled.  But he had done something and besides Mr Gleeson would not flog him hard: and he remembered how big Corrigan looked in the bath. 
  And Fleming had said he would not because it was best of his play not to. 
  I wouldn't stand it. He heard the fellows of the higher line stand up at the top of the refectory and heard their steps as they came down the matting: Paddy Rath and Jimmy Magee and the Spaniard and the Portuguese and the fifth was big Corrigan who was going to be flogged by Mr Gleeson.  Nasty Roche and Saurin drank cocoa that their people sent them in tins. 
  It made him shivery to think of it and cold: and what Athy said too.  That must have been a terrible sin, to go in there quietly at night, to open the dark press and steal the flashing gold thing into which God was put on the altar in the middle of flowers and candles at benediction while the incense went up in clouds at both sides as the fellow swung the censer and Dominic Kelly sang the first part by himself in the choir. 
  Please come and take me home. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Wells had said that they had drunk some of the altar wine out of the press in the sacristy and that it had been found out who had done it by the smell. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  It made him shivery: but that was because you always felt like a shiver when you let down your trousers. 
 
 
 They all laughed again.  In the soft grey silence he could hear the bump of the balls: and from here and from there through the quiet air the sound of the cricket bats: pick, pack, pock, puck: like drops of water in a fountain falling softly in the brimming bowl.  And his white-grey face and the no-coloured eyes behind the steel-rimmed spectacles were cruel looking because he had steadied the hand first with his firm soft fingers and that was to hit it better and louder.  There was an instant of dead silence and then the loud crack of a pandybat on the last desk.  There was a skull on the desk and a strange solemn smell in the room like the old leather of chairs.  It was hard to think what because you would have to think of them in a different way with different coloured coats and trousers and with beards and moustaches and different kinds of hats.  And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle.  It made him shivery: but that was because you always felt like a shiver when you let down your trousers.  O how could they laugh about it that way?  A long shiver of fear flowed over his body.  And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle.  But the worst of all was Fleming's theme because the pages were stuck together by a blot: and Father Arnall held it up by a corner and said it was an insult to any master to send him up such a theme.  Stephen tried to laugh with them. 
  He had rolled up his sleeves to show how Mr Gleeson would roll up his sleeves.  He rolled his stockings off and put on his nightshirt quickly and knelt trembling at his bedside and repeated his prayers quickly, fearing that the gas would go down.  And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle.  If any lady or gentleman.  And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle.  And though he trembled with cold and fright to think of the cruel long nails and of the high whistling sound of the cane and of the chill you felt at the end of your shirt when you undressed yourself yet he felt a feeling of queer quiet pleasure inside him to think of the white fattish hands, clean and strong and gentle. His fingers trembled as he undressed himself in the dormitory.  But he had done something and besides Mr Gleeson would not flog him hard: and he remembered how big Corrigan looked in the bath.  No, it was best to forget all about it and perhaps the prefect of studies had Only said he would come in. 
 
 —All in! 
 
  All in!  All the other masters got into dreadful waxes. 
  Fleming had a box of crayons and one night during free study he had coloured the earth green and the clouds maroon. But Mr Harford was very decent and never got into a wax.  But his face was black-looking and his eyes were staring though his voice was so quiet.  A tiny light twinkled at the pierhead where the ship was entering: and he saw a multitude of people gathered by the waters' edge to see the ship that was entering their harbour. —Well now, the day kept up fine after all. 
  Mr Harford went to and fro making little signs in red pencil and sometimes sitting beside the boy to show him how to hold his pen. —Well, it is perfectly dreadful to say that not even for one day in the year, said Mrs Dedalus, can we be free from these dreadful disputes! He heard the fellows of the higher line stand up at the top of the refectory and heard their steps as they came down the matting: Paddy Rath and Jimmy Magee and the Spaniard and the Portuguese and the fifth was big Corrigan who was going to be flogged by Mr Gleeson. —You know the altar wine they keep in the press in the sacristy?  But perhaps somewhere in the world you could. He was caught in the whirl of a scrimmage and, fearful of the flashing eyes and muddy boots, bent down to look through the legs.  An idler of course.  And every fellow had said that it was unfair, even the fellow out of second of grammar who had said that about the senate and the Roman people.  The deep low collar and the Eton jacket made him feel queer and oldish: and that morning when his mother had brought him down to the parlour, dressed for mass, his father had cried.  They said they could not drink the tea; that it was hogwash. His heart was beating fast on account of the solemn place he was in and the silence of the room: and he looked at the skull and at the rector's kind-looking face.  But the faint smell of the rector's breath had made him feel a sick feeling on the morning of his first communion.  Then he asked Fleming and Fleming said that the word had no plural.  It made you think of dark purple because the grapes were dark purple that grew in Greece outside houses like white temples.  A faint sickness of awe made him feel weak.  And once a lot of generals had asked Napoleon what was the happiest day of his life. —Gentlemen, the happiest day of my life was the day on which I made my first holy communion. —Dedalus, don't spy on us, sure you won't? 
  The day of your first communion was the happiest day of your life. 
  But, though there were different names for God in all the different languages in the world and God understood what all the people who prayed said in their different languages, still God remained always the same God and God's real name was God.  The other boys bent over their theme-books and began to write.  She stuck her ugly old face up at me when she said it and I had my mouth full of tobacco juice.  Then he asked Fleming and Fleming said that the word had no plural. 
  It was his own name that he should have made fun of if he wanted to make fun.  Then to be called a schemer before the class and to be pandied when he always got the card for first or second and was the leader of the Yorkists! 
  He shivered as if he had cold slimy water next his skin.  The great men in the history had names like that and nobody made fun of them.  But his face was black-looking and his eyes were staring though his voice was so quiet.  But the lines of the letters were like fine invisible threads and it was only by closing his right eye tight and staring out of the left eye that he could make out the full curves of the capital.  Then he asked Jack Lawton to decline the noun MARE and Jack Lawton stopped at the ablative singular and could not go on with the plural. 
 —Kneel down! And they gave three groans for Baldyhead Dolan and three cheers for Conmee and they said he was the decentest rector that was ever in Clongowes. The hushed class continued to copy out the themes. 
  But the Christmas vacation was very far away: but one time it would come because the earth moved round always.  A thing like that had been done before by somebody in history, by some great person whose head was in the books of history. Stephen felt his heart filled by Fleming's words and did not answer. 
  It was because he was allowed, because a priest would know what a sin was and would not do it. —Yes, said Cecil Thunder eagerly, and I saw him lift the pandy-bat over his shoulder and he's not allowed to do that. —O, well, it was a mistake; I am sure Father Dolan did not know.  Didn't they denounce the fenian movement from the pulpit and in the confession box?  And if the minister did it he would go to the rector: and the rector to the provincial: and the provincial to the general of the jesuits.  But he thought they were the portraits of the saints and great men of the order who were looking down on him silently as he passed: saint Ignatius Loyola holding an open book and pointing to the words AD MAJOREM DEI GLORIAM in it; saint Francis Xavier pointing to his chest; Lorenzo Ricci with his berretta on his head like one of the prefects of the lines, the three patrons of holy youth—saint Stanislaus Kostka, saint Aloysius Gonzago, and Blessed John Berchmans, all with young faces because they died when they were young, and Father Peter Kenny sitting in a chair wrapped in a big cloak.  And he wondered what Father Arnall and Paddy Barrett would have become and what Mr McGlade and Mr Gleeson would have become if they had not become jesuits. He heard the fellows of the higher line stand up at the top of the refectory and heard their steps as they came down the matting: Paddy Rath and Jimmy Magee and the Spaniard and the Portuguese and the fifth was big Corrigan who was going to be flogged by Mr Gleeson.  It made him shivery: but that was because you always felt like a shiver when you let down your trousers. 
 He bowed and walked quietly out of the room, closing the doors carefully and slowly. The pandybat came down again in six loud quick smacks.  A hot burning stinging tingling blow like the loud crack of a broken stick made his trembling hand crumple together like a leaf in the fire: and at the sound and the pain scalding tears were driven into his eyes. Stephen stumbled into the middle of the class, blinded by fear and haste. 
  Any lazy idle loafers that want flogging in this class?  he cried.  We want no lazy idle loafers here, lazy idle little schemers. 
  Why is he on his knees? 
 —Hoho, Fleming!  cried the prefect of studies, of course he did!  What is your name, boy?  Why is he on his knees, Father Arnall?  Up, my boy! 
 —Tomorrow, sir, said Tom Furlong's voice. 
 —Hoho!  A born idler!  I can see it in the corner of his eye. They fell upon their knees, moaning in sorrow. 
  Those were the great men whose names were in Richmal Magnall's Questions. 
  cried the prefect of studies, of course he did! —Of course he did!  Are we not to follow the man that was born to lead us? He sat in a corner of the playroom pretending to watch a game of dominoes and once or twice he was able to hear for an instant the little song of the gas. 
 
 Fleming stood up slowly. —You, boy! 
 He bowed and walked quietly out of the room, closing the doors carefully and slowly. 
  Mr Harford went to and fro making little signs in red pencil and sometimes sitting beside the boy to show him how to hold his pen.  cried the prefect of studies. 
 Stephen closed his eyes and held out in the air his trembling hand with the palm upwards.  And his father had given him two five-shilling pieces for pocket money. 
 —Other hand! 
 —Quick march! 
 —Kneel down, cried the prefect of studies.  cried the prefect of studies. 
  The fellows were struggling and groaning and their legs were rubbing and kicking and stamping.  That must have been a terrible sin, to go in there quietly at night, to open the dark press and steal the flashing gold thing into which God was put on the altar in the middle of flowers and candles at benediction while the incense went up in clouds at both sides as the fellow swung the censer and Dominic Kelly sang the first part by himself in the choir. His heart was beating fast on account of the solemn place he was in and the silence of the room: and he looked at the skull and at the rector's kind-looking face. 
  At your work, I tell you.  shouted the prefect of studies.  Any lazy idle loafers that want flogging in this class? —He broke his glasses, said Father Arnall, and I exempted him from work.  Father Dolan will be in tomorrow. —Tomorrow, sir, said Tom Furlong's voice. 
 
  You, boy, who are you?  Every day Father Dolan. 
 —Tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow, said the prefect of studies. 
  Yes, go up and tell the rector on him, Dedalus, said Nasty Roche, because he said that he'd come in tomorrow again and pandy you.  But the minds of rats could not understand trigonometry. Stephen lifted his eyes in wonder and saw for a moment Father Dolan's white-grey not young face, his baldy white-grey head with fluff at the sides of it, the steel rims of his spectacles and his no-coloured eyes looking through the glasses. —Well, if we broke our glasses we must write home for a new pair.  Father Dolan will be in every day to see if any boy, any lazy idle little loafer wants flogging. 
 Mr Casey, freeing his arms from his holders, suddenly bowed his head on his hands with a sob of pain. 
 —Dedalus, sir. 
 The bell rang for night prayers and he filed out of the study hall after the others and down the staircase and along the corridors to the chapel. 
 
  His whole body was shaking with fright, his arm was shaking and his crumpled burning livid hand shook like a loose leaf in the air. 
 He saw the rector sitting at a desk writing. 
 —Get at your work, all of you, cried the prefect of studies from the door. 
  Broke my glasses! He could hear the cries of the fellows on the playgrounds.  Out with your hand this moment!  repeated the prefect of studies. 
 —The cinder-path, sir. 
  In the soft grey silence he could hear the bump of the balls: and from here and from there through the quiet air the sound of the cricket bats: pick, pack, pock, puck: like drops of water in a fountain falling softly in the brimming bowl.  I see schemer in your face.  Then to be called a schemer before the class and to be pandied when he always got the card for first or second and was the leader of the Yorkists! —Where did you break your glasses? 
 O Lord make haste to help us! 
 —And where did you break your glasses? —I wouldn't stand it, Fleming repeated, from Baldyhead or any other Baldyhead. 
  The cinder-path! 
 —Hoho! —On the cinder-path, sir.  cried the prefect of studies.  Why did he say he knew that trick? 
  He thought of the baldy head of the prefect of studies with the cruel no-coloured eyes looking at him and he heard the voice of the prefect of studies asking him twice what his name was.  An old schoolboy trick! 
  Father Dolan will be in every day to see if any boy, any lazy idle little loafer wants flogging. —Kneel down, cried the prefect of studies. —You really broke your glasses by accident, didn't you?  The rector would side with the prefect of studies and think it was a schoolboy trick and then the prefect of studies would come in every day the same, only it would be worse because he would be dreadfully waxy at any fellow going up to the rector about him.  He felt the prefect of studies touch it for a moment at the fingers to straighten it and then the swish of the sleeve of the soutane as the pandybat was lifted to strike. 
  And as he knelt, calming the last sobs in his throat and feeling the burning tingling pain pressed into his sides, he thought of the hands which he had held out in the air with the palms up and of the firm touch of the prefect of studies when he had steadied the shaking fingers and of the beaten swollen reddened mass of palm and fingers that shook helplessly in the air.  He felt the touch of the prefect's fingers as they had steadied his hand and at first he had thought he was going to shake hands with him because the fingers were soft and firm: but then in an instant he had heard the swish of the soutane sleeve and the crash.  There was an instant of dead silence and then the loud crack of a pandybat on the last desk.  The soutane sleeve swished again as the pandybat was lifted and a loud crashing sound and a fierce maddening tingling burning pain made his hand shrink together with the palms and fingers in a livid quivering mass.  But though the tears scalded his eyes and his limbs quivered with pain and fright he held back the hot tears and the cry that scalded his throat.  But though the tears scalded his eyes and his limbs quivered with pain and fright he held back the hot tears and the cry that scalded his throat. 
 —I wouldn't stand it, Fleming repeated, from Baldyhead or any other Baldyhead. —Very well then, he shouted hoarsely, if it comes to that, no God for Ireland! 
  The scalding water burst forth from his eyes and, burning with shame and agony and fear, he drew back his shaking arm in terror and burst out into a whine of pain.  And as he knelt, calming the last sobs in his throat and feeling the burning tingling pain pressed into his sides, he thought of the hands which he had held out in the air with the palms up and of the firm touch of the prefect of studies when he had steadied the shaking fingers and of the beaten swollen reddened mass of palm and fingers that shook helplessly in the air.  The scalding water burst forth from his eyes and, burning with shame and agony and fear, he drew back his shaking arm in terror and burst out into a whine of pain.  But he could not laugh because his cheeks and lips were all shivery: and then the prefect had to laugh by himself. 
  It was cruel and unfair to make him kneel in the middle of the class then: and Father Arnall had told them both that they might return to their places without making any difference between them. 
  To think of them beaten and swollen with pain all in a moment made him feel so sorry for them as if they were not his own but someone else's that he felt sorry for.  And as he knelt, calming the last sobs in his throat and feeling the burning tingling pain pressed into his sides, he thought of the hands which he had held out in the air with the palms up and of the firm touch of the prefect of studies when he had steadied the shaking fingers and of the beaten swollen reddened mass of palm and fingers that shook helplessly in the air.  The soutane sleeve swished again as the pandybat was lifted and a loud crashing sound and a fierce maddening tingling burning pain made his hand shrink together with the palms and fingers in a livid quivering mass. 
 —At your work, all of you! —Lazy idle little loafer!  Every day.  And every fellow had said that it was unfair, even the fellow out of second of grammar who had said that about the senate and the Roman people. 
  And his white-grey face and the no-coloured eyes behind the steel-rimmed spectacles were cruel looking because he had steadied the hand first with his firm soft fingers and that was to hit it better and louder. 
  Copy out your themes again the rest of you.  He was telling them something about Tullabeg.  He listened to Father Arnall's low and gentle voice as he corrected the themes. 
  It was cruel and unfair to make him kneel in the middle of the class then: and Father Arnall had told them both that they might return to their places without making any difference between them. 
 It was wrong; it was unfair and cruel; and, as he sat in the refectory, he suffered time after time in memory the same humiliation until he began to wonder whether it might not really be that there was something in his face which made him look like a schemer and he wished he had a little mirror to see. —The more shame to you now, Dante said, to speak as you do. 
  But the worst of all was Fleming's theme because the pages were stuck together by a blot: and Father Arnall held it up by a corner and said it was an insult to any master to send him up such a theme. —Well, if we broke our glasses we must write home for a new pair.  You, the leader of the class!  It's a stinking mean low trick, that's what it is.  He felt the prefect of studies touch it for a moment at the fingers to straighten it and then the swish of the sleeve of the soutane as the pandybat was lifted to strike.  Didn't the bishops and priests sell the aspirations of their country in 1829 in return for catholic emancipation?  The class must be doing the themes or perhaps Father Arnall was reading out of the book. Rody Kickham was a decent fellow but Nasty Roche was a stink.  The prefect of studies was a priest but that was cruel and unfair. It was wrong; it was unfair and cruel; and, as he sat in the refectory, he suffered time after time in memory the same humiliation until he began to wonder whether it might not really be that there was something in his face which made him look like a schemer and he wished he had a little mirror to see. Stephen lifted his eyes in wonder and saw for a moment Father Dolan's white-grey not young face, his baldy white-grey head with fluff at the sides of it, the steel rims of his spectacles and his no-coloured eyes looking through the glasses. 
 The bell rang and then the classes began to file out of the rooms and along the corridors towards the refectory. 
 It was wrong; it was unfair and cruel; and, as he sat in the refectory, he suffered time after time in memory the same humiliation until he began to wonder whether it might not really be that there was something in his face which made him look like a schemer and he wished he had a little mirror to see.  Nasty Roche asked. 
  He brought forth a great stone jar of whisky from the locker and filled the decanter slowly, bending now and then to see how much he had poured in. 
  It seemed to him a solemn time: and he wondered if that was the time when the fellows in Clongowes wore blue coats with brass buttons and yellow waistcoats and caps of rabbitskin and drank beer like grown-up people and kept greyhounds of their own to course the hares with. —I wouldn't stand it, Fleming repeated, from Baldyhead or any other Baldyhead. —I wouldn't stand it, Fleming repeated, from Baldyhead or any other Baldyhead.  I'd go straight up to the rector and tell him about it after dinner. 
 All turned towards him eagerly. 
 —Very much, Stephen said.  Yes, go up and tell the rector on him, Dedalus, said Nasty Roche, because he said that he'd come in tomorrow again and pandy you. 
  He brought forth a great stone jar of whisky from the locker and filled the decanter slowly, bending now and then to see how much he had poured in. 
 —I wouldn't like to be Simon Moonan and Tusker Cecil Thunder said.  They said you got stinking stuff to drink when you were in the infirmary.  Yes, go up and tell the rector on him, Dedalus, said Nasty Roche, because he said that he'd come in tomorrow again and pandy you. 
  Yes, do, said Cecil Thunder.  Give Cecil Thunder a belt. 
  Yes, go up and tell the rector on him, Dedalus, said Nasty Roche, because he said that he'd come in tomorrow again and pandy you. —Yes, sir, but Father Dolan said he will come in tomorrow to pandy me again for it. 
  Yes, he would do what the fellows had told him.  He would go up and tell the rector that he had been wrongly punished. 
 
  And the rector would declare that he had been wrongly punished because the senate and the Roman people always declared that the men who did that had been wrongly punished. 
  He would be very quiet and obedient: and he wished that he could do something kind for him to show him that he was not proud.  And every fellow had said that it was unfair, even the fellow out of second of grammar who had said that about the senate and the Roman people. 
  There was the smell of evening in the air, the smell of the fields in the country where they digged up turnips to peel them and eat them when they went out for a walk to Major Barton's, the smell there was in the little wood beyond the pavilion where the gallnuts were.  The fellows had told him to go but they would not go themselves.  And the rector would declare that he had been wrongly punished because the senate and the Roman people always declared that the men who did that had been wrongly punished.  He wanted to ask somebody about it. —The senate and the Roman people declared that Dedalus had been wrongly punished.  A thing like that had been done before by somebody in history, by some great person whose head was in the books of history.  There was a road over a heath with grass at the side and little bushes: and Peter Parley had a broad hat like a protestant minister and a big stick and he was walking fast along the road to Greece and Rome. There was a picture of the earth on the first page of his geography: a big ball in the middle of clouds.  That was why the prefect of studies had called him a schemer and pandied him for nothing: and, straining his weak eyes, tired with the tears, he watched big Corrigan's broad shoulders and big hanging black head passing in the file. 
 All were waiting: uncle Charles, who sat far away in the shadow of the window, Dante and Mr Casey, who sat in the easy-chairs at either side of the hearth, Stephen, seated on a chair between them, his feet resting on the toasted boss.  He had nothing to do but that: to turn to the right and walk fast up the staircase and in half a minute he would be in the low dark narrow corridor that led through the castle to the rector's room.  All he had to do was when the dinner was over and he came out in his turn to go on walking but not out to the corridor but up the staircase on the right that led to the castle. —The senate and the Roman people declared that Dedalus had been wrongly punished. 
  He thought of the baldy head of the prefect of studies with the cruel no-coloured eyes looking at him and he heard the voice of the prefect of studies asking him twice what his name was. 
 Then the higher line fellows began to come down along the matting in the middle of the refectory, Paddy Rath and Jimmy Magee and the Spaniard who was allowed to smoke cigars and the little Portuguese who wore the woolly cap.  There was a road over a heath with grass at the side and little bushes: and Peter Parley had a broad hat like a protestant minister and a big stick and he was walking fast along the road to Greece and Rome.  Besides Gleeson won't flog him hard.  He shivered as if he had cold slimy water next his skin. 
  They lived in Clane, a fellow said: there were little cottages there and he had seen a woman standing at the half-door of a cottage with a child in her arms as the cars had come past from Sallins.  He prayed it too against the dark outside under the trees.  The fellows had told him to go but they would not go themselves.  An old schoolboy trick!  He heard the fellows talk among themselves about him as they dressed for mass.  No, it was best to forget all about it and perhaps the prefect of studies had Only said he would come in.  No, it was best to hide out of the way because when you were small and young you could often escape that way. It was his first Christmas dinner and he thought of his little brothers and sisters who were waiting in the nursery, as he had often waited, till the pudding came. 
  He stood up and passed out among them in the file. The bell rang and then the classes began to file out of the rooms and along the corridors towards the refectory.  The great men in the history had names like that and nobody made fun of them. Mr Casey took the glass, drank, and placed it near him on the mantelpiece. —Let them leave politics alone, said Mr Casey, or the people may leave their church alone.  He heard the fellows talk among themselves about him as they dressed for mass. 
 Then the higher line fellows began to come down along the matting in the middle of the refectory, Paddy Rath and Jimmy Magee and the Spaniard who was allowed to smoke cigars and the little Portuguese who wore the woolly cap.  Why could he not remember the name when he was told the first time? Stephen lifted his eyes in wonder and saw for a moment Father Dolan's white-grey not young face, his baldy white-grey head with fluff at the sides of it, the steel rims of his spectacles and his no-coloured eyes looking through the glasses. To remember that and the white look of the lavatory made him feel cold and then hot.  Stephen stood among them, afraid to speak, listening.  A thing like that had been done before by somebody in history, by some great person whose head was in the books of history.  IT WOULD BE BETTER FOR HIM THAT A MILLSTONE WERE TIED ABOUT HIS NECK AND THAT HE WERE CAST INTO THE DEPTHS OF THE SEA RATHER THAN THAT HE SHOULD SCANDALIZE ONE OF THESE, MY LEAST LITTLE ONES.  Once he had washed his hands in the lavatory of the Wicklow Hotel and his father pulled the stopper up by the chain after and the dirty water went down through the hole in the basin. 
  He broke into a run and, running quicker and quicker, ran across the cinderpath and reached the third line playground, panting. —I'LL PAY YOUR DUES, FATHER, WHEN YOU CEASE TURNING THE HOUSE OF GOD INTO A POLLING-BOOTH. 
 The bell rang and then the classes began to file out of the rooms and along the corridors towards the refectory.  He peered out for an instant over the coverlet and saw the yellow curtains round and before his bed that shut him off on all sides. It made him very tired to think that way.  That was called the order: and he had heard his father say that they were all clever men. 
  He saw the dark entrance hall of the castle.  He wondered from which window Hamilton Rowan had thrown his hat on the ha-ha and had there been flowerbeds at that time under the windows.  They said it was the ghost of a murderer. 
  He asked him where was the rector's room and the old servant pointed to the door at the far end and looked after him as he went on to it and knocked.  The fellows seemed to him to have grown smaller: that was because a sprinter had knocked him down the day before, a fellow out of second of grammar. 
  He could not get out the answer for the sum but it did not matter. 
 —I wrote home, sir, said Stephen, and Father Arnall said I am not to study till they come. 
 He turned the handle and opened the door and fumbled for the handle of the green baize door inside. —Well, they drank that and it was found out who did it by the smell. 
  Mother was sitting at the fire with Dante waiting for Brigid to bring in the tea. All were waiting: uncle Charles, who sat far away in the shadow of the window, Dante and Mr Casey, who sat in the easy-chairs at either side of the hearth, Stephen, seated on a chair between them, his feet resting on the toasted boss. 
  Stephen's heart was beating and fluttering. 
  He wondered which was right, to be for the green or for the maroon, because Dante had ripped the green velvet back off the brush that was for Parnell one day with her scissors and had told him that Parnell was a bad man. 
 
 —Well, if we broke our glasses we must write home for a new pair. 
 
 —O, well, it was a mistake; I am sure Father Dolan did not know. 
 
 —Did you tell him that you had written home for a new pair? 
 Julius Caesar wrote The Calico Belly. 
  Then all his eagerness passed away and he felt his face quite cool. The rector looked at him in silence and he could feel the blood rising to his face and the tears about to rise to his eyes. 
  It was a cold day and to keep up my heart I had (saving your presence, ma'am) a quid of Tullamore in my mouth and sure I couldn't say a word in any case because my mouth was full of tobacco juice. 
 
 —Yes, sir, but Father Dolan said he will come in tomorrow to pandy me again for it. 
 O, well now, we got a good breath of ozone round the Head today. 
 His face was glowing with anger and Stephen felt the glow rise to his own cheek as the spoken words thrilled him. 
 
  I don't know the fellow's name. 
 
  Where did you break your glasses? 
  He had been thrown by the fellow's machine lightly on the cinder path and his spectacles had been broken in three pieces and some of the grit of the cinders had gone Into his mouth.  He had been thrown by the fellow's machine lightly on the cinder path and his spectacles had been broken in three pieces and some of the grit of the cinders had gone Into his mouth. —I don't know, Stephen said. 
  In the soft grey silence he could hear the bump of the balls: and from here and from there through the quiet air the sound of the cricket bats: pick, pack, pock, puck: like drops of water in a fountain falling softly in the brimming bowl. 
 —Very well, the rector said, it is a mistake and I shall speak to Father Dolan myself. 
  Then to be called a schemer before the class and to be pandied when he always got the card for first or second and was the leader of the Yorkists! 
 It was unfair and cruel because the doctor had told him not to read without glasses and he had written home to his father that morning to send him a new pair.  A fellow asked him to give it one last: but he walked on without even answering the fellow. 
 —Yes, sir, but Father Dolan said he will come in tomorrow to pandy me again for it. 
  They could understand how to jump.  It would be lovely in a few minutes. 
 
 —It's a stinking mean thing, that's what it is, said Fleming in the corridor as the classes were passing out in file to the refectory, to pandy a fellow for what is not his fault. 
 And our mouths shall announce Thy praise. —O, Stephen will apologize. 
 
 —No, thanks. 
  There was a skull on the desk and a strange solemn smell in the room like the old leather of chairs. 
 —Good day, sir, said Stephen. 
  He was no good at sums, but he tried his best so that York might not lose. 
 Mr Casey, freeing his arms from his holders, suddenly bowed his head on his hands with a sob of pain. 
 An old servant was sweeping at the end of the landing.  He peered in front of him and right and left through the gloom and thought that those must be portraits. The bell rang and then the classes began to file out of the rooms and along the corridors towards the refectory. 
  All were shouting and the prefects urged them on with strong cries. He had reached the door and, turning quickly up to the right, walked up the stairs and, before he could make up his mind to come back, he had entered the low dark narrow corridor that led to the castle. 
 There was a noise of curtain-rings running back along the rods, of water being splashed in the basins. Dante shoved her chair violently aside and left the table, upsetting her napkin-ring which rolled slowly along the carpet and came to rest against the foot of an easy-chair. 
  Tell us! —Tell us! 
 —What did he say? 
 —Go and fight your match. 
 —O, I say, here's a fellow says he kisses his mother every night before he goes to bed. 
  Tell us! —Tell us, Dedalus, do you kiss your mother before you go to bed? 
 
 —Hurroo! 
 
  Hurroo! —Hurroo! 
  But Clongowes was far away: and the warm heavy smell of turkey and ham and celery rose from the plates and dishes and the great fire was banked high and red in the grate and the green ivy and red holly made you feel so happy and when dinner was ended the big plum pudding would be carried in, studded with peeled almonds and sprigs of holly, with bluish fire running around it and a little green flag flying from the top. 
 —Hurroo! 
 —I wouldn't stand it, Fleming repeated, from Baldyhead or any other Baldyhead. 
  Cheers for the rector! —Let them leave politics alone, said Mr Casey, or the people may leave their church alone.  It made you feel so happy. It was wrong; it was unfair and cruel; and, as he sat in the refectory, he suffered time after time in memory the same humiliation until he began to wonder whether it might not really be that there was something in his face which made him look like a schemer and he wished he had a little mirror to see. 
  Wells looked round to see if anyone was coming.  One day when he had been called to the castle the butler had shown him the marks of the soldiers' slugs in the wood of the door and had given him a piece of shortbread that the community ate. 
  And all over the playgrounds they were playing rounders and bowling twisters and lobs.  They said: pick, pack, pock, puck: little drops of water in a fountain slowly falling in the brimming bowl.